case involves Apotex Inc. attempting to enter the market with a generic version of Merck Frosst Canada & Co.'s patented drug norfloxacin. Merck Frosst Canada Inc. filed two applications to prohibit the Minister of Health from issuing a Notice of Compliance to Apotex but the Supreme Court of Canada set aside the prohibition order. Apotex is now seeking compensation from Merck under the Patented Medicines Regulations. The court must determine which version of the Regulations applies and whether Apotex has a basis in fact and law for its claim.Merck and Apotex are in dispute over compensation for losses incurred while Merck obtained a prohibition order preventing Apotex from entering the Canadian market with a generic version of Merck's patented drug lovastatin. Apotex argues that the 1998 Regulations apply to Merck's application because its merits had not been finally determined while Merck claims the application was no longer pending. The meaning of the 1993 version of s.8 is also under scrutiny as it creates uncertainty over liability for damage suffered by companies prevented from entering the market.ding application refers to an application that has not been withdrawn discontinued or dismissed. The 1998 Regulations on remedies for wrongfully delayed market entry apply to pending applications at the time the regulations came into force. Merck's application for a prohibition order remained pending when the 1998 Regulations came into force and therefore the remedies section of those regulations applies to its circumstances. The 1998 Regulations do not operate retrospectively and do not interfere with any vested rights of Merck.The meaning of pending depends on the context - in the case of an application it is considered final and amenable to appeal after a ruling by the Federal Court. However within the broader context an application can still be considered pending if its legal foundation is still a live issue and has not been finally determined as was the case with Merck's application when the 1998 Regulations came into effect. The transitional rule in the regulations only applies to scenarios where an application is withdrawn discontinued or dismissed not to situations where an order is reversed on appeal.