The case involves a request by the applicant for the refusal of the Opposition Board to permit amendments to the CPC's statements of opposition in relation to several trademark applications. The applicant's solicitors are criticized for their professional ineptitude. The case cites relevant jurisprudence and argues that the Opposition Board erred in fact and in law in refusing the amendments. Documentary evidence is presented to support the case.The applicant seeks to amend the statement of opposition in a trademark case to include new paragraphs and grounds of opposition. This request is made after a recent decision came to light which held that the use of the words post and post office in a corporate name violated the provisions of the Postal Act. The opponent wishes to amend the statement of opposition by asserting a new ground of opposition under the Trade Marks Act and adding additional Section 9 marks that have been published to date relevant to this case. Finally the opponent seeks to amend a subparagraph of the statement of opposition to reference the registration of two trademarks.In a trademark opposition case Canada Post requested to amend its statement of opposition and asked for a four-month extension to file reply evidence citing the complexity of the case. The trademark applicant's solicitors objected to the request stating that the request was unjustifiable due to incomplete research and the lack of proper grounds for the amendments. They also noted that trademark opposition is not relevant to any other statutes and disagreed with using past cases as a basis for amendments.The Trademarks Opposition Board denied the opponent's request to amend their statement of opposition stating that it would result in prejudice to the applicant and likely lead to additional delays and the need for more evidence. The Board found that many of the proposed revisions were available from the outset and that reliance on subsequently issued registrations was not allowed. The opponent was only granted leave to rely on the final five official marks listed in their proposed revised statement of opposition.