Eli Lilly has made an application for an order which prohibits the Health Minister from issuing a Notice of Compliance to Novopharm for fluoxetine hydrochloride until after the expiry of Canadian Letters Patent 1051034. Novopharm's supplier claims not to use the same process as Lilly for production; therefore the issue is whether Novopharm's allegation is justified. The application involves a determination of Lilly's patent construction and the weighing of evidence adduced by both parties.The case involves two pharmaceutical companies Eli Lilly and Company (Lilly) and Novopharm Limited (Novopharm) and their dispute over the patent protection for the production of fluoxetine hydrochloride. The patent claims both the process and the product-by-process of creating fluoxetine hydrochloride while Novopharm argues that their alternate manufacturing process does not infringe upon the patent. Experts from both companies provided evidence in the case and the Court will need to review the evidence in detail to determine the validity of Lilly's patent protection.The case concerns Canadian Letters Patent 1339452 which relates to a process for the preparation of the compound fluoxetine hydrochloride marketed under the brand name Prozac. The patent claims a number of compounds including fluoxetine hydrochloride made by the described process or obvious chemical equivalents thereof. The court was asked to determine the validity of the patent and if it had been infringed by Apotex a generic drug manufacturer. The case hinged on the interpretation of the patent claims and the comparison of the Lilly and Fermion processes for making the drug.The court examined the differences between the patent for fluoxetine and Novopharm's version of the drug which was claimed to infringe the patent. The process of making fluoxetine involves several steps including the formation of an ether linkage and demethylation. The court considered the legislative framework of the Patented Medicines (Notice of Compliance) Regulations and the Food and Drug Regulations in deciding the case.