The Queen appealed against a judgment made by the Tax Court of Canada that an assessment of tax was invalid due to it being incomplete. The case involved an individual who was a shareholder and officer of a corporation that failed to remit income tax and other contributions. The Minister of National Revenue considered assessing the individual in relation to the unpaid remittances but the defendant did not reply to the letter. Certificates were then registered against the corporation for the unpaid amounts which were not satisfied through execution.The defendant was assessed under s. 227(10) of the Income Tax Act and received a Notice of Assessment for alleged liabilities under various statutes. He applied for an extension to file a Notice of Objection which was granted by the Tax Court of Canada. The Minister confirmed the assessment but the Tax Court allowed the appeal on the basis that the Notice of Assessment was incomplete and did not inform the taxpayer fully of his alleged liability. The parties jointly applied to the court for the determination of three questions of law.The case involves questions regarding the validity of a Notice of Assessment issued by the Minister of National Revenue for unpaid deductions penalties and interest. The Crown argues that the Notice of Assessment is valid as long as it clearly makes the taxpayer aware of the assessment made by the Minister without the need for additional details or documents. The Crown also argues that the defendant was put on notice and had the opportunity to request additional information or file an objection but did not do so.The Crown alleges that the defendant's solicitor is to blame for the delay in filing an objection to the Notice of Assessment and that there is no evidence of confusion or prejudice to the defendant's rights. The Crown claims that the defendant was provided with a breakdown of the amounts under each statute in the Notice of Appeal. The Minister argues that the Deputy Minister of National Revenue for Taxation has the authority to issue an assessment pursuant to s. 227(10) and that there is implied authority to subdelegate the issuance of the assessment. The defendant argues that the Notice of Assessment did not clearly inform him of his liability under any of the statutes nor did it advise him of the amounts for which he was being assessed for interest and penalties.The validity of a Notice of Assessment under several Canadian tax and insurance laws relies on the identification of the specific ascertained liability of the taxpayer. Failure to provide this information renders the assessment incomplete and a nullity. A director assessed may also request copies of notices of assessment sent to the Corporation for its failure to remit taxes in order to determine their own liability. The discretion to issue an assessment should only be exercised by high-ranking officials.