Barbara Hager is suing ECW Press Ltd. Dallas Williams and General Distribution Services Limited for copyright infringement of her book Honour Song: a Tribute. She claims that 16 major passages from a chapter on Shania Twain were used in the defendants' book Shania Twain: On My Way without permission. The chapter was primarily based on personal interviews between Hager and Twain while the defendants relied on published material. No permission was sought for the use of Hager's work.The case of Hager v. ECW Press Ltd. involved allegations of plagiarism in a book about Canadian singer Shania Twain. Barbara Hager whose own book contained interviews and information about Twain claimed that significant portions of her work had been used without permission in the book published by ECW Press Ltd. The defendants were found to have breached copyright leading to an interim order requiring payment into court of proceeds from the book's sales. It was later discovered that a mass market paperback edition of the book had been planned by McClelland-Bantam but this was not disclosed to the plaintiff or the court.The Court found that portions of a biography about Shania Twain written by Johnathan Leckner had infringed the copyright of a woman named Barbara Hager. Although Leckner and his researcher had received access to Hager's work they did not properly cite or credit her. Modified editions of the book were later released with more appropriate referencing.Shania Twain took her career seriously at a young age but did not want her Native upbringing romanticized by the media stating her family were hardworking people from Northern Ontario who watched television like anyone else. After high school she performed gigs with Cree singer-songwriter Lawrence Martin. The issue of copyright infringement arose in regards to Barbara Hager’s book on Shania Twain where a substantial amount of Hager's work was taken including valuable direct quotes from Twain.The plaintiff's evidence showed that she had to change the focus of her longer work and rewrite it after the defendant copied her work. The court concluded that a substantial part of the work was taken mainly the direct quotes from Shania Twain. However the court had difficulty concluding that the Seal edition constituted a substantial part of the work. The defendants argued that the direct quotes from Shania Twain are not subject to copyright and that Mr. Holmes' actions come within the fair dealing exception of the Copyright Act.