This is an application for judicial review of a decision denying the grievances of employees who were transferred from Health and Welfare Canada to the Yukon Hospital Corporation. The employees claim that the transfer was a privatization and they should be entitled to an appointment on an indeterminate basis to another position in the Public Service within their headquarters area while the employer and adjudicator argue it was a devolution. The distinction is important because it affects the employees' job security.The Whitehorse General Hospital in the Yukon Canada was operated by the Medical Services Branch of the Department of National Health and Welfare until 1993 when a comprehensive agreement was reached for the transfer of programs services and facilities to the Government of Yukon including the hospital. The Yukon Hospital Corporation assumed responsibility for the hospital's operation from April 1 1993. The transfer agreement was part of a broader objective to create a unified health system for all Yukoners.The Hospital Act requires the Yukon Hospital Corporation's bylaws to be approved by the Minister and allows for grants from the government. The act also states that the Corporation is not a government institution unless created by contract and allows for regulations to transfer programs activities personnel and property. Two agreements were made between the government and Corporation for the transfer of the Whitehorse General Hospital and included funding and employee transfers. The Corporation issued letters of employment to grievors in 1993.The Yukon Hospital Corporation was established in 1990 as a government-owned entity responsible for the operation of the Whitehorse General Hospital. It has its own pension plan and defines policy but the government of Yukon prescribes methods of operations and standards of facilities and care. The corporation sought to have a consolidation of the professional and nonprofessional bargaining units into one all-encompassing bargaining unit but s.47 of the Canada Labour Code has no application to the Yukon Hospital Corporation. Adjudicator Chodos concluded that the interpretation and application of the definition of 'privatization' and 'devolution' as found in the Workforce Adjustment Directive turned on this case.