pplicants alleged that their employer failed to carry out their commitment to give them recall priority in off seasons. The applicants filed grievances that were dismissed by Linda Gobeil Assistant Deputy Minister Human Resources Financial and Administrative Services in the federal Department of Human Resources and Skills Development. The applicants are seeking an order to quash the decision. The case involves interpretation of the Guidelines document which stated that seasonal employees held permanent employment status and were subject to the collective agreement and terms and conditions of employment in the same way as all other employees.The applicants argued that despite the Department's commitment to give them employment priority during off periods the Department had hired other individuals before them violating their right to be recalled. The applicants filed several grievances seeking priority consideration for employment and confirmation that they did not need to participate in selection competitions. The grievances were filed under subsection 91(1) of the Public Service Staff Relations Act. The Department hired part-time staff during off periods and students in 2004 leading to further grievances seeking lost salary and other compensation.Under the Public Service Staff Relations Act an employee may present a grievance at each level of a grievance process if their employment terms are affected and there is no administrative procedure for redress under an Act of Parliament. Employers can establish an internal grievance process with a maximum of four levels and the final level decision-maker can be designated by the employer. The Department's internal grievance process consists of three levels and the impugned decision was made by the Assistant Deputy Minister. The decision-maker found that the applicants' grievances did not relate to collective agreement interpretation or working conditions and the Department had no commitment to give them recall priority. The applicants challenge this decision including the decisions made at all levels.