Millennium Telephone system in the Pacific Region of the Correctional Service of Canada discriminates against inmates who cannot afford the additional costs violates their rights to retain and instruct counsel without delay and impedes their ability to make plans for release. The applicants argue that the respondents acted in excess of or without jurisdiction and erred in law by failing to adhere to the requirements of the Corrections and Conditional Release Act.The Millennium Telephone System resulted in inmates in British Columbia being unable to make local calls for free or at a cost of 25 cents unless they used a debit card. The applicants brought a motion for an injunction to stop the system's implementation until a decision was made for judicial review but it was dismissed. The new phone system was implemented after the Hunter decision and the applicants claim that the decision to implement it was made on January 13 1997.The Canadian government implemented a new telephone system in various prisons in the country. Inmates are assigned a personal identification number (PIN) and can identify up to 20 telephone numbers they wish to call which are reviewed by a Case Management Team. The system also includes a list of common access numbers and allows for calls to lawyers on the authorized call list to go through without monitoring or interception.The new telephone system in Canadian prisons requires judicial authorization for monitoring and limits communication with counsels. Inmates can request modifications to their call lists and peak hour control can be exercised using a call length threshold. Call rates remain the same until a debit card system is implemented and some calls are still prohibited. CSC staff reported safety and security issues with the unfettered access inmates had to telephones including arranging violent assaults and drug trafficking. The new system offers better transmission quality self-diagnostic features and volume control. Reports generated through the system can assist in preventing criminal activities related to phone use.The new phone system in Canadian correctional facilities is designed to combat drug use among inmates which is a major concern for the CSC. Many inmates were users before their incarceration and drugs are a driving force behind the inmate underground economy contributing to disciplinary and security issues. The new system includes enhanced security measures such as urinalysis testing and the procurement of Ion Scanners to prevent the infiltration of drugs into the institutions. The personal call list and monitoring features should also help prevent inmates from arranging for the introduction of drugs through phone calls.