This is a legal case about the result of an accounting of profits for patent infringement of the press section of paper making machines. The plaintiff Beloit Corporation owns the patent and Beloit Canada Ltd is the subsidiary licensee in Canada. The defendant Valmet Oy is a Finnish company that also makes paper making machines. The case resulted in a lengthy and expensive reference process due to the complexity of accounting for profits. The referee J. Rouleau was appointed to eliminate one level of appeal and to save time and money for both parties.In a patent infringement case the Federal Court of Appeal found that Beloit Corporation's patent for a press assembly was valid and infringed by defendant Valmet Oy's sale of its Sympress II press section. The court awarded damages or an accounting of profits to Beloit and enjoined Valmet Oy from manufacturing or selling infringing press sections. Both parties had patents for a similar invention but the court found Beloit's patent to be the valid one.The case involves a patent infringement lawsuit filed by Dominion Engineering Works against Valmet Oy alleging that Valmet Oy's subsidiary Valmet-Dominion manufacturing and using infringing products. The Federal Court of Appeal reversed the finding of contempt stating that Valmet Oy did not influence the subsidiary's actions and only sold components arguing that there was no infringement in selling an article that does not itself infringe the patent. A dispute arose between the parties regarding the scope of discovery after the Court of Appeal's decision and the plaintiffs elected an accounting of profits as their remedy. The case was stayed when Dominion's patent was later found to be invalid. After further clarification from the Court of Appeal the parties still disagreed on the scope of questioning and document production.The court ruled that the defendant must provide information about all profits direct and indirect derived from the infringement of the plaintiff's patent. The plaintiff argued that as their property the infringing technology was the driving force behind the sales of the machines they are entitled to all profits earned by the defendant on the sale of the entire machines. The issue is whether the plaintiffs are entitled to an accounting of all profits realized by the defendant on the sale of the paper-making machines or only those profits derived from the sale of the infringing press sections.The case involves a dispute over the calculation of profits earned from the sale of paper machines. The plaintiffs argue that only direct production costs should be considered and are claiming not only profits from the sale of the machines but also revenues from related equipment maintenance service and government subsidies. The defendant Valmet Oy argues that only profits from the sale of the infringing press sections should be awarded and that the driving force behind sales was the improved wet end or Symformer. The evidence presented in court included lengthy and detailed testimony from accounting experts for both parties as well as testimony from executives and independent experts.