Vadim Lebedev fled the Russian army where he faced extreme hazing abuse and the prospect of being sent to fight in Chechnya. His refugee claim failed and his Pre-Removal Risk Assessment (PRRA) application was rejected. However a judge ruled in his favor stating that the PRRA officer's analysis of the international condemnation of the war in Chechnya was flawed and that Lebedev's risk assessment contained both factual and legal errors. The judge also addressed the important issue of conscientious objection. Lebedev arrived in Canada using a fake Swiss passport after being unable to restore his refugee claim or reapply for refugee status in Argentina.Mr. Lebedev's refugee claim was dismissed by the Immigration and Refugee Board's Refugee Protection Division in 2005 as it found no evidence of persecution and raised concerns about his credibility. The PRRA officer also rejected his claim for refugee status based on objection to military service relying on the United Nations Handbook on Procedures and Criteria for Determining Refugee Status and James Hathaway's book The Law of Refugee Status. Hathaway's book suggests that while objecting to military service alone does not grant refugee status there are exceptions to this general rule.In a case involving a Russian national who sought refugee protection in Canada a PRRA officer rejected his claims based on s.96 of the IRPA and analyzed whether he was at risk under s.97. The officer found that he did not fit within any of the three exceptions to evade Russian military service laid down by Hathaway and concluded that he might be subject to lesser penalties upon his return to Russia. The officer admitted the shortcomings of Russian penal facilities but deemed his evidence insufficient to establish that he would face a substantial risk of torture upon returning to Russia.The Russian Federation can only request extradition if the person in question is held in custody according to article 460 of the Russian Code of Criminal Procedure. In this case Mr. Lebedev argued against his extradition from Canada to Russia citing risks of mistreatment torture and abuse while in custody and during his required military service. The PRRA officer rejected these claims stating that there was insufficient evidence to suggest such risks would be likely. Mr. Lebedev's counsel argued that the officer erred in concluding he was not a Convention refugee and that he was not personally at risk of mistreatment.The interpretation of whether compulsory military service constitutes persecution in a refugee claim is a complex issue without a definitive pronouncement. The essential question is whether the persecution alleged by the claimant threatens their basic human rights in a fundamental way and state protection must be unavailable. Fear of prosecution and punishment for desertion or draft-evasion alone does not constitute well-founded fear of persecution but it may support a claim of persecution if it is concomitant with other relevant motives for leaving or remaining outside one's country.