The National Research Council of Canada suspended physicist Dr. Chander P. Grover without pay for refusing a medical examination chosen by his employer. However an adjudicator ruled that the NRC did not have enough evidence to request such an examination and allowed Grover's grievance. The case raises the issue of the balance between an employee's right to privacy and an employer's duty to maintain a safe workplace. Grover's appointment as Director was the result of a previous finding of discrimination against the NRC and his ongoing discrimination complaints and legal actions add to the complexity of the case.Dr. Grover becomes increasingly uncomfortable with Dr. Hackett's approach towards him and the management of INMS. Dr. Grover goes on stress leave after feeling mistreated by Hackett causing friction between the two. Other issues arise including Hackett's directive for Grover to participate in a performance and merit review and urge his employees to participate in a re-organizational process. Hackett threatens Grover with discipline for insubordination and Grover goes on a second medical leave.Dr. Grover was accused by NRC manager Dr. Hackett of abusing sick leave by using it to avoid management committee meetings. Dr. Grover's use of sick leave was analyzed by NRC manager Mr. Steve Blais who reported to Dr. Hackett that it was evident Dr. Grover was misusing the leave. Dr. Grover was disciplined twice and a medical certificate for sick leave was rejected after the second discipline.r. Grover that his refusal to attend the medical assessment was viewed as insubordination and that he was being suspended without pay pending further investigation. (Part of Exhibit G-14: Letter from P. Hackett to C. Grover dated July 7 2004; AAR above vol. 3 p. 545) Dr. Grover sought legal advice and filed a grievance which ultimately led to an inquiry by an external adjudicator who found that the suspension was unjustified and recommended that Dr. Grover be reinstated with full pay and benefits.