The case involves a review of the award of costs relating to a Notice of Allegation from Apotex to Merck Frosst Canada & Co. in relation to the Patented Medicines (Notice of Compliance) Regulations. The underlying application was heard in April 2005 with Justice Mosley dismissing the application in favour of Apotex. Apotex submitted a Bill of Costs for fees and disbursements which totalled $831900.50 with counsel for Merck arguing that market size should not be a relevant consideration for costs assessment.This article discusses a court case in which Apotex was awarded costs of $605575.78 by assessment officer G.C. Robinson. Merck is now reviewing the decision citing extensive grounds for review. The court must determine if there was an error in principle made by the assessment officer and if the amount assessed was unreasonable. Counsel for Merck suggested a benchmark or band principle for reviewing experts' fees. The court cited a previous case where an administrator erred in allowing disbursements without examining the quality of the proof submitted.The principle of applying a benchmark or band to expert fees was discussed in various legal cases where it was argued that there should be a relationship between the fees charged for similar expert opinions. The courts considered the reasonableness of expert fees and questioned excessive charges suggesting that only reasonable and properly documented fees should be allowed. In some cases judges ordered the opposing party to bear some of the costs of excessive expert fees.In a case between pharmaceutical companies Merck and Apotex Justice Snider analyzes the costs award for expert disbursements claimed by Apotex. She agrees with the principle of the band or benchmark rule and examines each item disputed by the Applicants. She also refers to Justice Mosley's comments on the expert evidence presented in the case.The admissibility of expert evidence in court is based on the witness possessing special knowledge or experience beyond that of the trier of fact regardless of whether the skill was obtained through education or practical training. Merck objected to the admissibility of affidavits from Drs. Langer Mayersohn and Mazess citing issues with their qualifications but the court found that their expertise was relevant to the issues at hand.