Molson Canada appeals the decision by the Registrar of Trademarks to reject their opposition to the registration by Anheuser-Busch of the trademark application for MICHELOB GOLDEN DRAFT. Molson argues that the trademark is not distinctive and Anheuser is not entitled to registration. Anheuser's application was based on use and registration in the US and proposed use for various items in Canada.Molson opposed the registration of Anheuser's trade-mark Michelob Golden Draft in Canada claiming it was confusingly similar to its own registered trade-marks containing the word golden. Molson argued the applied-for trade-mark was not distinctive and the use of the word golden by Anheuser would cause confusion among Canadian consumers. After a lengthy legal battle the Registrar of Trademarks rejected Molson's opposition to the registration of the trade-mark.The Registrar found Anheuser's trademark MICHELOB GOLDEN DRAFT to be inherently distinctive while the opponent Molson had some inherent distinctiveness in their registered certification mark MOLSON GOLDEN & Design. The opponent's registered trademark GOLDEN was found to have little inherent distinctiveness but did possess a significant level of recognition in Canada. The Registrar noted potential overlap in channels of trade associated with Anheuser's merchandising items and the opponent's brewed alcoholic beverages as well as potential overlap in wares covered in their respective registrations. There was some similarity between Anheuser's mark and the opponent's registered trademark GOLDEN but their other marks were found to be dissimilar. Affidavit evidence of the use of the word GOLDEN by other brewers in Canada was also considered.istrar made several errors in rejecting Molson's opposition to Anheuser-Busch's trademark application for Michelob Golden Draft in Canada. Molson argued that there was a likelihood of confusion with their registered trademark Golden and its family of trademarks but the Registrar found little similarity between the marks in appearance sound and idea. Molson also claimed that evidence of third-party use of similar marks should not have been considered.The appellant argues that the Registrar erred in law and exceeded its jurisdiction in attacking the validity of Molson's trademark GOLDEN within the scope of opposition proceedings. They also claim the Registrar failed to consider the fourth ground of opposition and did not differentiate between the material dates for different grounds. The appellant argues that Molson has met the limited evidential burden under s.30 of the Act and that the respondent has not met its legal burden. They also claim that the Registrar treated the issue of inherent distinctiveness as a matter of stare decisis which was an error of law. Molson's longstanding use of their trademark GOLDEN and the fact that the respondent has not yet commenced use of their trademark favours Molson under paragraph 6(5)(b) of the Act.