Duane Worthington a US citizen serving a 35-year sentence in a Wisconsin prison wishes to serve the remainder of his sentence in Canada where his elderly mother resides. To do so he must first become a Canadian citizen. After an initial refusal by the Minister of Citizenship and Immigration Worthington applied for judicial review and his application was granted an extension of time. He then completed an application for citizenship and provided supporting documentation to the Canadian Consulate General in Chicago.In 2002 Mr. Worthington applied for Canadian citizenship through delayed registration of birth abroad. After submitting the application the Consulate notified him of new legislation that allowed adopted children of Canadian parents to apply for citizenship and he was required to complete a new application form. Worthington expressed concern about the implications of his adoption and the new application form's exclusion of references to his Canadian parents. The case analyst at Citizenship and Immigration Canada clarified the new legislation in December 2002.Mr. Worthington an American serving a 35-year sentence in Wisconsin applied for Canadian citizenship under the interim measures on adoption arguing that adopted children should not be treated differently from natural-born children. After conflicting assessments the Minister of Citizenship and Immigration ultimately denied his application for a special grant of citizenship. Duane Edward Worthington v Minister of Citizenship and Immigration 2006 FC 1094.The court case involves an individual Mr. Worthington who requested Canadian citizenship under subsection 5(4) of the Citizenship Act. The Minister received erroneous information that Mr. Worthington was eligible under s.22 for a prisoner transfer program which would allow him to serve the remainder of his sentence in a prison in British Columbia. The court determined that Mr. Worthington did not qualify under s.22 and the relief to be granted was redetermination based on correct information.The Canadian Citizenship Act outlines the requirements for becoming a Canadian citizen. Applicants must be at least 18 years old have lived in Canada for at least three years have an adequate knowledge of Canada and one of the official languages and not be under a removal order. There are exceptions for minors those with mental disabilities and cases of special hardship or exceptional value to Canada. A certificate of citizenship is issued once all requirements are met including taking the oath of citizenship.