This legal document discusses an application for an order against a Canada Labour Code adjudicator's award. The court will not address a second ground related to damages as it was filed out of time. The court will consider facts presented in an affidavit and notes the respondents were employees of the applicant until their last day of work in February 1992.The case involves a dispute between the Moricetown Band council and two office workers who left their jobs on February 18 1992 and filed a complaint under the Canada Labour Code. The adjudicator found that one of the workers had completed twelve consecutive months of employment and was entitled to protections under the Code but the other worker was not a manager in contemplation of s. 167(3) of the Code. The council had implemented a financial management plan to reduce its deficit.Excessive spending incompetence and a disregard for constraint have severely damaged the credibility of a Band administration with suppliers lenders and other native organizations losing faith. To try and combat the deficit the Band Council engaged Alice Kruta to help implement a Financial Management Plan (F.M.P.) and restrain spending. The financial situation was so dire that a council motion was passed to lay off a staff member due to insufficient funds in the operating budget. However Kruta managed to save the staff member's job by allocating their salary to cigarette sales to Band members. As the years went on Theresa Dennis an employee of the Band took on more responsibilities including bookkeeping for all of the Band projects and managing the Canyon Development Project.Theresa Dennis who worked as a bookkeeper for Sandy Bay First Nation served as interim band manager three times. Despite this she did not believe she had the necessary skills to perform the role effectively. In late 1991 Dennis tendered her resignation but withdrew it after the Council expressed its support. At a December 1991 meeting the Council requested funds from the Band Capital Trust Fund Account in Ottawa to apply to a deficit for a new health centre an unusual request. In January 1992 an incident at the Band Office prompted Dennis to request payment for overtime hours and vacation accruals owed to her among other things.