The case involves four applications brought under the Access to Information Act seeking records of government commissioned public opinion polls and results of focus or survey groups related to national unity and constitutional reform from July 1 1990 to December 31 1991. The Access to Information/Privacy Coordinator for the Privy Council disclosed 120 pages but refused to disclose 589 pages. Requesters complained to the Information Commissioner resulting in a hearing.The Information Commissioner received complaints from four individuals who requested information about the federal government's involvement in constitutional negotiations. The government refused to disclose some information leading to a review by the Information Commissioner. The Commissioner found that the complaints were well-founded and recommended the release of most of the requested information but the Clerk of the Privy Council refused to implement the recommendations. The Commissioner then authorized an application to the Federal Court by some of the complainants. The Information Commissioner stated that while he understood the need for caution in disclosing information related to constitutional negotiations it did not justify withholding information without proper justification.The Information Commissioner reviewed records that were being withheld from disclosure and concluded that some portions of the records could result in injury if disclosed while others could be disclosed without harm. The Commissioner recommended that additional portions of the requested records be disclosed except for 74 pages out of a total of 709 pages. The Access to Information Act was cited which sets out the purpose of the Act to extend access to information in the government's control to the public.The Access to Information Act in Canada allows citizens and permanent residents to access government institution records. However there are exceptions to this right and the Information Commissioner is involved in the process of reviewing and investigating complaints of refusals to disclose information. The Act is intended to complement existing procedures and ensure that government information is available to the public.Section 41 allows for a review of any refusal to disclose a requested record if an investigation has been conducted by the Information Commissioner and the requester consents. Section 47 requires a closed hearing to avoid disclosure of the subject record. Section 48 places the burden of proof on the Government to establish authorization for refusing disclosure. Section 50 outlines the court's role and jurisdiction in cases where disclosure is refused based on s. 14 of the Act. The legal test for confidentiality is discussed specifically regarding exemptions provided under s. 14.The case concerns a private corporation's access to government information and the application of the exceptions to the right to access under section 14 of the Access to Information Act. The court emphasizes that exceptions to access should be limited and specific and require a reasonable expectation of probable harm. The burden of persuasion rests upon the party resisting disclosure and doubt should be resolved in favor of disclosure. Australian jurisprudence on the Freedom of Information Act is not applicable to interpreting the Access Act.ably be expected to have a substantial adverse effect on the proper and efficient conduct of the operations of an agency; or (b) would result in the disclosure of matter that was communicated in confidence by or on behalf of a foreign government or an agency thereof to the Government of the Commonwealth or to an agency or authority of the Government of the Commonwealth. The court did not find the Australian jurisprudence to be of significant guidance in interpreting the Canadian Access Act.The Canadian authority in the matter of access to documents deems that there should be a reasonable expectation of probable harm from disclosure rather than a possibility of injury that corresponds to the sliding scale test used in Australian authorities. The seriousness of consequences that may stem from disclosure should also be taken into account while interpreting wording such as could reasonably be expected to be injurious to in Section 14 of the Access Act.These are principles and procedures related to the disclosure of confidential government information under Canada's Access to Information Act. They include the importance of considering the reasonable expectation of harm resulting from disclosure the relevance of public availability of information and the need for reasonable severance of material. The evidence in this case consists of 16 affidavits and transcripts related to a request for information by Simpson and Lapointe.