This is a case of an application for judicial review of the decision of the Refugee Protection Division (RPD) of the Immigration and Refugee Board dated 22 March 2012 which refused the applicant's application to be deemed a Convention refugee or a person in need of protection under sections 96 and 97 of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act. The Applicant is seeking protection in Canada from her abusive ex-partner in Botswana. The RPD refused the Applicant's claim for protection on 22 March 2012.uring the hearing the Refugee Protection Division (RPD) found that the Applicant's credibility was diminished due to her failure to disclose seeking medical attention and attempting to report abuse to the police in her home country. The RPD also believed that the Applicant's subjective fear of persecution was undermined as she did not claim refugee protection upon arrival in the United States. The RPD ultimately found that an internal flight alternative (IFA) existed in the Applicant's home country citing the availability of state protection and evidence of government efforts to address gender-based violence.The Refugee Protection Division (RPD) rejected a woman's claim for asylum in Canada stating that there were no social or economic barriers to her returning to Botswana where she faced domestic violence. The RPD argued that legal costs were the main obstacle but her mother could provide financial assistance for this. The RPD suggested that there were support services available to victims of gender-based violence and that the woman's educational level meant she could find employment in Botswana. The claimant's argument that customary law in Botswana allowed husbands to treat their wives as legal minors was dismissed by the RPD.The case involves a person who fears persecution of their race religion nationality social group or political opinion and seeks protection in Canada. The issues raised are whether the Refugee Protection Division (RPD) committed errors in law or fact proceeded on improper principles or made wrong assessments regarding the claimant's fear of persecution and the existence of internal flight alternatives. The standard of review for all issues is reasonableness.The case concerns the credibility of an asylum seeker's claim with the court examining the decision-making process and whether it falls within a range of acceptable outcomes defensible according to law and facts. The applicant argues that the Refugee Protection Division (RPD) was unreasonable in its assessment of her credibility including in relation to her trip to Canada and her attempts to seek protection in her home country. The court will assess whether the RPD made an error by ignoring documentary evidence and important aspects of the claimant's testimony.