This is an appeal regarding the registration of the trademark CARAMELLA under Canadian law. The appellant argues that the trademark is confusing and not distinctive while the respondent argues that it is registrable. The Board previously rejected the applicant's opposition to the registration but the court must determine if this decision was correct. The appellant owns the trademark AH CARAMEL! for various food products.The applicant is appealing a decision regarding their trademark CARAMELLA which was opposed by another company AH CARAMEL! The Board analyzed the criteria for confusion between the two marks and concluded that the CARAMELLA mark was not likely to be confused with AH CARAMEL! The Board noted the inherent and dominant distinctiveness of the word CARAMEL and that it was a descriptive term for the wares sold under both marks. The Board also considered the nature of the wares and degree of resemblance between the marks. The applicant's evidence included an affidavit describing their activities and use of the AH CARAMEL! trademark.The case pertains to the dispute between the applicant AH Caramel! Inc. and respondent Caramella Cheese Corp. over trademark infringement. The applicant provided evidence of sales and promotion of products using the AH Caramel! mark since 1995 while the respondent claimed ignorance of confusion between its CARAMELLA spread and AH Caramel! products. The applicant further provided fresh evidence of continued successful use of the mark until 2004 including through licensing contracts.The case is about a dispute between Vachon Inc. which owns the trademark for AH CARAMEL! cake products and Unilever Canada Inc. which wants to use the trademark CARAMELLA for its spreadable caramel product. Vachon argued that the AH CARAMEL! trademark had significant notoriety in Canada and had acquired a secondary meaning while Unilever argued that the two trademarks did not cause confusion among Canadian consumers. Both sides submitted evidence to support their arguments.The case involves a dispute between two companies one with the trademark AH CARAMEL! and the other with CARAMELLA over potential confusion in the market. Both sides presented evidence in the form of affidavits and product lists to support their claims. The respondent raised objections to some of the evidence presented by the applicant but the evidence was ultimately considered by the court.