The case involves the validity of Schering Corporation's Canadian patent for a group of compounds claimed to be useful as ACE inhibitors and anti-hypertensive agents. The patent covers ramipril an effective ACE inhibitor manufactured by Aventis Pharma Inc. As a result of protracted conflict proceedings the patent did not issue until 2001. In 2003 Apotex Inc. served a Notice of Allegation on Aventis in relation to ramipril. The case explores issues related to sound prediction proper disclosure sufficiency of the NOA and double patenting.Aventis has lost its bid to stop Apotex from manufacturing and selling a generic version of blood pressure drug ramipril in Canada. Aventis had sought to stop Apotex from starting commercial manufacturing for alleged patent infringement. However Apotex contested the validity of the patent patent and the Federal Court in Canada has found in its favour. The case involves Aventis and Schering who have challenged Apotex's Notice of Allegation (NOA) for patent validity and have applied for an order prohibiting the Minister of Health from issuing a Notice of Compliance to Apotex until after the patent's expiration date. The issue of patent validity is limited to administrative purposes and Aventis obtains an interlocutory injunction through a statutory freeze until the proceedings end. Understanding stereochemistry is necessary to comprehend the nature of the '206 patent's claimed invention.Chemical compounds can have stereogenic carbon atoms that make them chiral or non-superimposable mirror images. Chemists use conventions to describe the stereochemistry of chiral centers such as the R and S positions solid and hatched wedge shapes and the cis and trans positions. Enantiomers are mirror image molecules while diastereomers have different physical properties. ACE inhibitors a group of drugs that help treat hypertension require specific chiral configurations to interact with ACE. The development of ACE inhibitors began with the discovery of peptides from the Brazilian Pit Viper that effectively inhibited ACE. Through further research orally effective ACE inhibitors were developed.The development of ACE inhibitors began with research on carboxypeptidase A leading to the creation of captopril in 1977 by the Squibb group. Despite its side effects captopril's success led to the development of new analogs including enalapril by Merck in 1980. Schering conducted research on replacing the proline unit of captopril and combining it with the thiol end of enalapril resulting in the conception of the compounds in the '206 patent. Dr. Elizabeth Smith created the first compound within the scope of the '206 patent in August 1980.Schering applied for a patent in the United States in 1980 for carboxyalkyldipeptides that demonstrated ACE inhibition activity. Dr. Smith and her colleagues continued to create and test additional compounds using the same structure one of which was SCH 31925 a potent ACE inhibitor. The '206 patent issued in 2001 covered a genus of compounds including ramipril spirapril and trandolapril and had some 13 years left to run. The broad scope of the patent covered more than 24000000 compounds in Claim 1 alone making it an extremely valuable patent.Before addressing the validity of the '206 patent the court must construe the patent which is a matter of law. A patent is addressed to a skilled worker in the field and claims are to be read in an informed and purposive way to define the limits of the monopoly. Claim 12 is directed to a compound describing a genus of eight stereoisomers one of which is ramipril. The molecular structure of Claim 12 has five chiral centres each of which is indicated with an asterisk.This document outlines a patent dispute between pharmaceutical companies Aventis and Apotex regarding the validity of Aventis' patent for a compound called ramipril. Apotex raises several issues related to the patent's validity including whether Aventis had a sound basis for predicting the compound's usefulness whether the claims are too broad or lack utility and whether there was double patenting. Aventis must prove the existence of the patent after which the burden shifts to Apotex to establish that the patent is invalid with the standard of proof being a balance of probabilities.Apotex raised concerns about the validity of the '206 patent and its claim that compounds covered by it are useful as ACE inhibitors for the treatment of hypertension in humans. A sound prediction is required for the patent's utility to be established even before testing is completed. The Supreme Court of Canada set out a three-part test to determine the soundness of a prediction made by an inventor. The proper date for assessing the soundness of Schering's prediction was a contentious issue and it affects the available information and expertise at the relevant time.The appropriate date for assessing the soundness of a prediction in a patent is unclear in Canadian law but the tripartite test for sound prediction requires the inventor to have an articulable and sound line of reasoning at the date of the patent application. The Canadian filing date is often used for assessing the soundness of the prediction. However even using the later Canadian application date Schering did not have a sound basis for predicting that the compounds in the '206 patent would be useful as ACE inhibitors and anti-hypertensive agents. Apotex asserts that the claims in the '206 patent are invalid as they are too broad.