This is a legal case in which the plaintiff seeks a declaration that a patent for controlled release naproxen tablets is invalid and that their own product does not infringe on it. The defendants counterclaim that the patent has been infringed. The case involves previous litigation under the Patented Medicines Regulations and a Notice of Allegation filed by the defendant in 1993. The defendants had claimed that their product would not infringe on the patent and the meaning of certain regulations was still uncertain at the time.In a legal case between Syntex and Apotex it was established that composition claims fell under the Regulations and the procedure for obtaining an order of prohibition was to be summary in nature. Apotex's second reason for asserting noninfringement was rejected as it lacked factual information. Apotex filed a second Notice of Allegation in 1996 leading to another application for an order of prohibition by Syntex and Hoffman-La Roche to prevent the Minister from issuing a Notice of Compliance.  Roche filed a motion for declaring the 1996 NOA void a stay of proceedings and an extension of the time limit during the appeal of the 1993 NOA.The case involves Roche and Apotex with Roche defending a patent for a drug and seeking to prevent Apotex from selling a generic version. Apotex filed a Notice of Allegation in 1993 and later in 1996 and Roche sought to prevent Apotex from obtaining a Notice of Compliance. Both parties filed cross-appeals and while the appeal and cross-appeal were ordered discontinued a Notice of Compliance issued in November 1998 was later deemed void. Ultimately Roche successfully sought an order declaring the Notice of Compliance issued in reliance on the 1996 Notice of Allegation was void and Apotex accepted the stay granted in 1996 denying them a Notice of Compliance.The court has issued an order of prohibition dated March 20 1996 preventing the Minister from issuing a Notice of Compliance (NOC) in reliance on the 1993 NOA. Apotex the plaintiff is considered an interested person under s.60(1) of the Patent Act trying to enter the market but is blocked from doing so because of the listed patent and therefore has sufficient interest to support an action for declarations of non-infringement and invalidity. The defendants' argument that the question of infringement is res judicata due to earlier proceedings is not persuasive.