The case concerns the inadmissibility of a permanent resident to Canada due to his membership in the Hells Angels motorcycle group. The applicant challenges the legislative provision that forms the basis for this decision arguing that the unavailability of ministerial relief provided for by the provision renders the inadmissibility regime incompatible with the Charter of Rights and Freedoms. The Immigration Division found that the applicant was a member of the Hells Angels and had held various positions within the organization. The applicant argues that he has never been involved in any criminal activity.The Canadian government has denied entry to a British Hells Angel member who attempted to travel to Canada for a holiday. The judgment concluded that the organisation posed a threat to the public and was a criminal organisation in line with IRPA s.37(1). The judges' decision was based on the fact that the group engaged in drug trafficking extortion and murder as evidenced by police intelligence among other things.The Hells Angels motorcycle club engages in illegal business particularly drug manufacturing and distribution. The organization benefits its members through club dues used to assist members in trouble with the law. The group's structure membership loyalty leadership and organizational rules all advance its criminal agenda. The Hells Angels engages in various illegal activities including drug trafficking extortion prostitution money laundering and vehicle theft. The Applicant admits to being a full-patch member of the group for nine years but challenges the constitutionality of the provision on which the decision of the Immigration Division is based. The questions raised include freedom of expression and association violations and deprivation of the Applicant's right to life liberty and security in a manner that violates the principles of fundamental justice.The case concerns the constitutionality of provisions in the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act that allow for a person to be declared inadmissible for involvement with espionage subversion terrorism human or international rights violations or membership in a criminal organization. These provisions have exemptions through ministerial relief which can be applied for when the Minister is satisfied that the person's presence is not a threat to national security. The Applicant argues that ministerial relief has become all but unavailable in recent years rendering the inadmissibility provisions non-compliant with the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms. The affidavit evidence suggests a decrease in the number of ministerial relief applications granted since 2002. The Applicant has requested an extension to file further evidence regarding their Access to Information Request on ministerial relief.