The case is about an individual who seeks a judicial review of the decision made by the Refugee Division of the Immigration and Refugee Board that he is not a refugee based on Article 1F(b) and (c) of the Convention. He claimed to have been involved with the Mouvement de la tendance islamique (MTI) in 1980 and was elected as secretary general of the company union in plant 2 while working for the Société Arabe des Engrais Phosphatés et Azotés. He later went into hiding and travelled to Canada to seek refuge but was sentenced to imprisonment in absentia in Tunisia.The case involves a man who claimed refugee status in Canada fearing persecution in his home country of Tunisia due to his political affiliations with Ennahda. The initial decision to exclude him from the definition of a Convention refugee was overturned due to errors in the panel's decision-making process but upon a re-hearing he was again excluded under Article 1F(b) and (c) of the Convention due to accusations of involvement in non-political crimes and conspiracy to violently overthrow the former President.The plaintiff argued that the panel was biased and lacked independence in his case as well as making factual errors and failing to weigh evidence fairly. He maintained he and Ennahda a Tunisian Islamist political party were not involved in terrorism or contrary to the principles of the United Nations. He also objected to the panel's financing of the Minister's case and their treatment of evidence.ver the plaintiff argues that there was no material evidence to support the panel's findings on the link between a certain armed branch of the Ennahda movement and acts of violence. The plaintiff also criticized the panel for preferring incriminating evidence and argued that there was no good reason for Ennahda's use of double-speak tactics. The plaintiff further argued that it is dangerous and contrary to the purposes of the Convention to exclude an individual based on a hypothetical analysis of political thought. The defendant argued that the evidence supports the panel's conclusion that the plaintiff was guilty by association.The defendant argued that the plaintiff was excluded from refugee status under Article 1F(b) of the Convention due to his involvement in various serious non-political crimes committed by his political party Ennahda. The defendant stated that on several of the exclusion counts the crimes were not directly linked to Ennahda's political objectives but the plaintiff was still guilty by association. Additionally the defendant argued that the plaintiff's involvement in weapons trafficking made him an accomplice to criminal acts committed by another group.