he lawsuit the plaintiff accuses the defendant of infringing on their Canadian patent for a method of making metal oxide semiconductor field effect transistors (Mosfets). The patent was issued in 1970 and owned by the plaintiff. The main issues in question are whether the technology used to infringe the patent was developed after the invention date and whether the patent is valid. The construction and doping of the source and drain wells in the substrate is also discussed.N-channel devices involves exposing the silicon substrate to a gas containing phosphorous which is absorbed into the substrate and replaces some silicon atoms followed by heating at a high temperature to move the impurity atoms into the appropriate positions within the silicon lattice. A mask is used to protect areas not intended to be affected by the gas during the process. The fabrication of integrated circuits involves several steps of masking etching and depositing various substances to form the required pattern within and on the silicon wafer.The article discusses the fabrication of transistors and integrated circuits using silicon wafers. The components of the circuit are made of silicon and must be interconnected through a process called metallization. The size of transistors has decreased significantly since the 1960s with gate lengths now less than one micron. The alignment of the gate electrode with the source and drain regions is crucial for device operation and can affect parasitic capacitance.In the mid-60s the yield of functional chips from the fabrication process was low due to mask misalignments. In 1966 Bell Labs invented the MOSFET with the idea of using silicon as the gate electrode material and building the transistor backwards. This new process allowed for a smaller gate greater speed and higher yields and the first working device was created by May 1966.In 1966 a group of researchers developed a field-effect transistor (FET) using a new process that used polycrystalline silicon film as the gate electrode. Using a curve tracer the device was tested and exhibited the characteristics of a transistor. The process was refined and a memo was written on the new method of fabricating FETs with high yield. The group faced challenges with the material chosen as a gate insulator but later adopted a two-layer gate insulator to solve the problem. Discussions about filing a patent for the process took place in mid-September 1966.Silicon dioxide is a composite insulator commonly used in metal oxide semiconductor technology. A patent was filed in Canada in 1968 claiming priority from a US filing with claims focusing on a method for making a semiconductor structure and an insulated-gate silicon field effect transistor. Claims define the statutory monopoly and the patentee has a duty to state what invention is desired to protect. The claims in issue require the use of polysilicon as the gate electrode material and the use of the gate as a mask to form the structure.