The plaintiff seeks a declaration of the validity and infringement of a Canadian patent damages for infringement or an accounting of profits and pre- and post-judgment interest on such damages or profits and costs. A claim for an injunction delivery up or destruction and exemplary damages were abandoned or not pursued. The defendants seek dismissal of the plaintiff's action with costs and a declaration of invalidity of the patent. A reasonably extensive agreed statement of facts was filed at the opening of the trial.The plaintiff claims that the defendant Anchortek infringed on their patent for a seismic bore hole plug called the Almecon Patent. The Energy Plug manufactured and sold by Anchortek from 1992 to 1996 is alleged to have infringed on the patent. The case involves parties with offices and businesses in Alberta Canada.The Almecon Patent has been subject to litigation between the plaintiff and Nutron Manufacturing and the patent's claims have been defined. Anchortek has manufactured seismic hole plugs since 1996 that do not infringe the patent and have been sold to the remaining three co-defendants and Austin Powder Ltd. A lawsuit was settled with Austin Powder Ltd. in August 1999 which contained a provision that Austin Powder Ltd. purchase 70% of its plugs from Almecon. Each of the co-defendants had knowledge of the patent and its infringement allegations since at least when the statements of claim were served.The case concerns a patent for a simple and inexpensive bore hole plug that was designed to withstand the force of an explosion during seismic drilling. The settlement agreement between Almecon and Austin Powder involved the purchase of Almecon's seismic tamping and topping plugs. The Almecon Patent claimed a molded plastic device that effectively tamps and plugs the bore hole to confine the force of the blast. No allegation of infringement appears on the face of the settlement agreement.The Almecon Patent describes a tamping plug used in seismic blasting. The plug includes a cylindrical body with elongated members extending from its front and rear ends. The members are arranged to provide axial stability and prevent misalignment during the blast. The plug also includes a closed end part preferably of truncated conical shape. The rear end of the body has flange sections that reduce blast leakage around the sides of the plug. The preferred embodiment includes two forward claws and four rear claws. The plug is inserted into a seismic borehole above an explosive charge and seismic readings are taken after the blast.The Almecon Patent's tamping and topping plug is used by inserting it into a drilled hole with an explosive charge planted in it which causes the plug to move up slightly and set the claws into the sides of the hole confining the blast to the hole and the surrounding formations. Claims of the Almecon Patent are being challenged for being broader than the invention made or disclosed and for inutility/failure to disclose the best mode. The issue of infringement arises assuming validity of the patent and a counterclaim for false and misleading statements is also being made.The case involves a claim by Almecon that the Energy Plug infringes their patent and Anchortek's counterclaim that Almecon made false and misleading statements about the Energy Plug. The issue of damages or profits is deferred to a reference and the counterclaim under the Competition Act is not being pursued. The judge construes the claims at issue through the eyes of an experienced seismic crew technician and finds that the statement by the plaintiff may be false and misleading potentially giving rise to liability under s. 7(a) of the Trade-marks Act or s. 52 of the Competition Act.