Dimplex North America Limited a subsidiary of Glen Dimplex brought an action against CFM Corporation for infringing its patent on a Flame Simulating Assembly used in electric fireplaces and stoves. The court found the patent valid CFM's products infringing and the defendant liable for damages or to account for profits from using Dimplex technology. The trial only focused on liability and eligibility for remedies sought while the quantum of damages or profits will be determined in a reference after appeals. In the U.S. CFM filed a declaratory judgment of non-infringement invalidity and unenforceability of Dimplex's patent but a jury verdict found CFM guilty of wilful infringement and a permanent injunction was granted.This case involves Dimplex and CFM and relates to the validity of Dimplex's '442 patent for a flame-simulating apparatus in electric fireplaces. Dimplex alleged that CFM's electric fireplace products infringed on their patent. The court granted Dimplex a 50% enhancement of damages due to the finding of wilful infringement. The judgment in favor of Dimplex was affirmed by the Circuit Court of Appeals. The issues addressed in the case included the construction of the patent claims the validity of the patent infringement by CFM and the remedies available to Dimplex.In 1994 Champ was asked to liquidate some units and managed to sell 400 before returning the rest to Ireland. He then developed a new prototype of an electric fireplace with a realistic flame effect using lights tinsel and screens. They eventually created a rough working model with an array of light bulbs a reflective rod and a simulated fuel bed. The product SIA 1400-120 was well-received at an industry show and replaced the black cloth with static sheet metal for a more realistic flame effect. The ultimate version of the product generated positive media attention and patent was filed in 1996.In the late 1990s Dimplex created an innovative electric fireplace product that won awards for its appearance and quickly became a commercial success. CFM a competitor attempted to acquire Dimplex but was unsuccessful. Instead CFM attempted to license the technology or create their own competing product but their attempts were unsuccessful until they hired Donald Jamieson who worked on creating a prototype for a new electric fireplace model.The case between Dimplex and CFM is about alleged patent infringement regarding electric fireplaces. CFM developed an improved model the AE 2000 which incorporated technology similar to that of the '442 patent held by Dimplex. The question is whether CFM's invention was a result of Colm Martin's access to Dimplex's proprietary technology before leaving the company to work for CFM.The case involves Canadian Fireplace Manufacturers (CFM) using technology in their electric fireplaces that infringes on patents held by Dimplex. CFM hired a former Dimplex employee Martin who had knowledge of Dimplex's product design and development processes. Dimplex raised concerns about CFM's conduct and sued for patent infringement. The court found that CFM's success stemmed from the changes made to their flame effect technology in 1999 which infringed Dimplex's patents. Dimplex presented expert testimony on the matter. CFM was ordered to pay damages to Dimplex.