faced a 21 1/2 year prison sentence for his involvement in the Ennahda movement which was classified as a criminal association by the Tunisian government. He fled to Canada and claimed refugee status but was denied by the Immigration and Refugee Board due to his exclusion under article 1F(b) and (c) of the United Nations Convention relating to the Status of Refugees.The case of a Tunisian asylum seeker named F was sent back to a different panel for a re-hearing after the first panel was accused of relying on selective misleading evidence provided by the Tunisian authorities to exclude F from being considered a Convention refugee. The new panel decision in 2000 excluded F due to his alleged involvement with serious non-political crimes including violence and conspiracies to murder leading figures in the Tunisian government.The plaintiff argues that the panel was biased and lacked independence because of its membership financing of the Minister's case and decisions regarding evidence. They also claim that the panel did not objectively assess the evidence and made factual errors by arriving at findings without regard for the material before it. The plaintiff believes that evidence favorable to the Ennahda movement was not weighed constituting an error of law.ver the plaintiff argued that there was no material evidence to support the panel's findings and that contradictory evidence was ignored. The plaintiff further argued that it is dangerous to exclude individuals from international protection based on hypothetical analysis of political thought. The defendant argued that the evidence supported exclusion under art. 1F(b) of the Convention due to the commission of serious non-political crimes.The defendant argued that there were serious reasons for considering the plaintiff guilty of committing several serious non-political crimes under Article 1F(b) of the Convention including bombings acid attacks physical assaults at schools and universities and weapons trafficking. They maintained that the plaintiff was either directly involved in these acts or guilty by association with the movement to which he belonged. The defendant also argued that a coup d'état could be considered a political crime in certain circumstances but the plot to murder leading figures in the Tunisian government was a serious non-political crime.