Calgon Carbon Corporation sued the Corporation of the City of North Bay alleging infringement of their patent on using low doses of ultraviolet light to prevent the replication of Cryptosporidium parvum. However the defendants counterclaimed that the patent was invalid due to prior art and the court ultimately found in favor of the defendants. Trojan Technologies Inc. who supplied the ultraviolet radiation system to North Bay was also named in the lawsuit.A method of using broad band ultraviolet light to prevent the replication of Cryptosporidium oocysts in water was found to be a new and useful invention by the Canadian Court of Appeal. The court determined that the use of UV light at particular levels to treat water in this way met the definition of invention. This decision was upheld and the issue of patentability was considered to be res judicata.The defendants are urging the court to revisit the issue of whether there is a patentable new use of an old method as evidence shows that the use of UV light at particular levels to treat water and prevent Cryptosporidium was known before the patent application. The court is not precluded from finding that UV light at claimed levels was already known to treat water. The evidence to be addressed with respect to anticipation includes new evidence not before the Court of Appeal.Crypto a waterborne parasite is a major public health concern and can cause severe illness and even death in individuals with weaker immune systems. Conventional water treatment may not effectively remove Crypto and alternative methods such as chemical ozone and membrane filtration can be expensive and difficult to use. Pathogen removal is measured in logarithms and even a 99.9% removal may not be enough to ensure safe water. Outbreaks of Cryptosporidiosis linked to contaminated water have occurred worldwide since the 1980s leading to increased interest in preventing Crypto infection.Giardia and Crypto protozoa which are difficult to detect and can cause infection with just one oocyst. Ultraviolet light irradiation is a treatment option that disrupts replication in the organism and doses are measured in intensity time and area. Higher doses were initially believed to be necessary to inactivate Crypto but suspended solids in natural water can interfere with the absorption of UV light. Clarity of the water is measured in nephelometric turbidity units.UV disinfection was more prevalent in Europe than North America with Germany having developed standards and accredited manufacturers by 1997. Calgon's research into low doses of UV helped to develop the municipal UV market in North America. Waterloo uses UV as the primary disinfectant for wells under the direct influence of surface water. North Bay introduced stricter water protection regulations after the Walkerton contamination in 2000 requiring 99% removal of Giardia and increased disinfection capabilities.In 2001 North Bay a city in Canada faced water quality issues due to the presence of Giardia and Crypto in the lake that served as the city's water source. After considering various options the city opted for ultraviolet (UV) irradiation purchasing the equipment from Trojan Technologies. However it was later informed by Calgon that the process was covered by its patent and the city faced potential legal action for patent infringement.A Canadian city North Bay has been ordered to pay Calgon Carbon Corporation $5.5m after infringing one of the company’s UV water filtration patents. North Bay chose to implement the system for use without permission deeming the patent “bonkers”. Calgon claimed that North Bay breached their patent and an Ontario court has agreed.
