This patent infringement case pertains to a Canadian patent for a novel composition used as an anticoagulant in the treatment of blood clots. The plaintiffs have been selling their patented product since 1993 under the brand name LOVENOX. The defendant Novopharm obtained a Notice of Compliance for a generic version of LOVENOX and plans to commence selling it in Canada in June/July of 2005. The plaintiffs are seeking an injunction to prevent Novopharm from selling the generic version until trial due to claims of patent infringement and concerns over potential health and safety issues.Aventis Pharma S.A. is the owner of the '433 patent for Lovenox a LMWH therapeutic composition used for injection as an anticoagulant. They hold the trademark for the product in Canada where it has been sold since 1993 and have no generic competitors. Health Canada approved Novopharm's generic LMWH product Noxaparin but Aventis Pharma is seeking a judicial review on health and safety grounds. UFH which has certain drawbacks is the primary alternative to LMWH products.Aventis Pharma Inc. and Sanofi-Aventis Canada Inc. filed a lawsuit claiming that Novopharm cannot market a generic version of their drug LOVENOX which is used in the treatment of deep vein thrombosis and other conditions due to its unique manufacturing process and chemical structure. The plaintiffs argue that Novopharm is unlikely to use the same process as they do resulting in a different chemical structure and potentially different pharmacological effects. The case argues that the LOVENOX drug cannot be substituted with the generic equivalent.Novo Nordisk a Danish pharmaceutical company has been accused of releasing an unsafe generic version of the blood thinner Lovenox to the Canadian market under the name Novo-enoxaparin. The plaintiffs argue that Novo-enoxaparin may cause excessive bleeding or fail to prevent blood clots putting users at risk of a stroke or death. The company has responded that Novo-enoxaparin is a safe and effective alternative to Lovenox. Aventis Pharma Inc. the original patent-holder has lodged a separate application to revoke approval for Novo-enoxaparin.