The applicant an Italian citizen was found inadmissible for serious criminality and organized criminality. He was convicted in 1996 for conspiracy to traffic cocaine and was arrested in 2006 as part of an operation targeting the Italian mafia in Montreal. The Immigration Division concluded that the evidence was credible and trustworthy and he was likely a member of a criminal organization. The judicial review application raises issues such as the jurisdiction of the Immigration Division and whether paragraph 37(1)(a) of the IRPA is constitutional.The Federal Court of Canada has dismissed an application for judicial review of a decision by the Immigration Division (ID) that a permanent resident was inadmissible to Canada due to his involvement in World War II war crimes. The applicant had argued that the ID decision was an abuse of process due to a 17-year delay in bringing the inadmissibility proceedings against him. The court found that any delay was not unreasonable and did not result in prejudice of such magnitude as to affect the public's sense of decency and fairness.The Federal Court dismissed the appeal of Francesco Torre who was seeking to overturn an order for his removal from Canada due to his alleged association with organized crime. The Court upheld the Immigration Division’s conclusion that Torre was an associate of the Cotroni crime family and that there were reasonable grounds to believe that he was involved in activities that were part of a pattern of organized or planned criminal activity. The Court also noted that the Immigration Division was not bound by the usual rules of evidence and may receive any evidence it considers credible or trustworthy.The case in question concerns a man who was deemed inadmissible to Canada for his alleged involvement in a criminal organization. The court rejected his claim that his section 7 rights were violated and concluded that the process was consistent with the principles of fundamental justice. The court also noted that Parliament has the right to enact legislation that sets out the conditions to be fulfilled by non-citizens wishing to enter and remain in Canada. The application for judicial review was dismissed. The certified questions submitted by the applicant were rejected.