osition and allowed the registration of the trade-mark CARAMELLA by National Importers Inc. The applicant Saputo Groupe Boulangerie Inc. filed an appeal to overturn the Board's decision arguing that the mark was confusing and not distinctive. However the court ruled against the applicant and upheld the Board's decision stating that the mark was registrable under the Trade-marks Act.The case involves an appeal to the Federal Court in Canada regarding the opposition of the trade-mark CARAMELLA by the applicant Saputo Groupe Boulangerie of the trade-mark AH CARAMEL! under subsection 38(8) of the Trade-marks Act. The opposition was based on the ground of confusion between the two marks but the Board found that there was a level of inherent and dominant distinctiveness of the term CARAMEL for food products and that the marks were not likely to be confusing. The applicant's evidence included the use of the AH CARAMEL! trade-mark in various food products.Mr. Sbarba provided evidence that the AH CARAMEL! trademark had been used since 1995 and generated sales of $24-$27 million annually. The respondent provided evidence of a search showing other similar trademarks as well as evidence that they began selling their CARAMELLA spread in 1999 and had not heard of any confusion with AH CARAMEL!. The applicant's new evidence included two licensing contracts and sales data for their products under the AH CARAMEL! trademark from 2001-2004.The case involves a dispute between Vachon Inc. the owner of the trademark AH CARAMEL! and Société des Produits Nestlé S.A. which wants to use a similar trademark CARAMELLA. Vachon claims that their mark is widely known in Canada and that consumers will confuse it with Nestlé's CARAMELLA causing harm to their business. Nestlé argues that their mark is distinct and that they have sold a significant amount of products under it. Both parties have submitted evidence to support their claims.The case involves a dispute over the use of the word caramel in food product names. The respondent argues that their trademark AH CARAMEL! is being wrongly used by the applicant's CARAMELLA product. Evidence from affidavits and promotional materials demonstrate the popularity and consumer recognition of both products. The respondent objects to some of the applicant's evidence including hearsay and the admissibility of certain opinions.