Nicholas Bonamy challenged a decision by the Correctional Service of Canada and sought declaratory relief in a judicial review. He argued that the correctional grievance process was not an adequate substitute for judicial review and that he was subjected to negative consequences for using it. Bonamy had raised a group grievance that alleged harassment of inmates by correctional staff and one issue was upheld. The Correctional Service of Canada had informally disciplined inmates which was beyond their authority. As corrective action the institutional head was reminded of the proper conduct.The applicant in this case filed a grievance alleging negative consequences for upholding a group grievance. The third level response from Senior Deputy Commissioner Head upheld part of the grievance but the applicant was unsatisfied with the corrective action taken. A subsequent grievance filed directly at the third level was de facto rejected by the Assistant Commissioner for Policy and Research who overturned the prior decision of Senior Deputy Commissioner Head on the collective grievance.The Applicant has submitted a grievance challenging the fairness and efficacy of the offender grievance procedure. The Applicant claims that the procedure is fundamentally unfair staked against offenders and has exaggerated delays that impede court access. The Applicant seeks direct access to the Federal Court for judicial review of decisions made by the Correctional Service of Canada concerning offenders. The Applicant cites Supreme Court of Canada decisions and reports by the Correctional Investigator of Canada to support his argument. Additionally the Applicant argues that the Court should show no deference to decisions resulting from the offender grievance procedure.The Applicant argues that the Assistant Commissioner had no authority to overrule Senior Deputy Commissioner Head regarding the authority of staff members to restrict prisoners to a cell or particular area as a form of informal resolution. Additionally the Applicant claims negative consequences as a result of a collective grievance seeks a declaration confirming these consequences and seeks leave to file an action in tort against the Commissioner of the Correctional Service of Canada. The Respondent asserts that the Application for judicial review is moot since the Applicant was released on statutory release on January 15 2009 and argues that the Applicant misconstrues the decision of <FRAGMENT_SUPPRESSED>. The Respondent recognizes that the October 29 2008 and August 14 2008 decisions from the Assistant Commissioner are in direct contradiction to the third level grievance response dated March 11 2008 from Senior Deputy Commissioner Head on the issue of the authority of staff members to restrict prisoners to a cell or particular area as a form of informal resolution.