Duane Worthington an American citizen being held in a Wisconsin prison requested Canadian citizenship in order to transfer to a prison in British Columbia to be closer to his elderly mother. Although his parents were Canadian citizens the request for citizenship was denied by the Minister of Citizenship and Immigration in 2003. Worthington and his mother filed an application for judicial review which was heard by the Federal Court of Canada.In 2002 Mr. Worthington applied for a citizenship certificate from outside Canada under s. 3 of the Citizenship Act. He indicated in his application that he was applying for delayed registration of birth abroad due to being an adopted child. After submitting his application he was informed of new legislation that allowed adopted children of Canadian parents to apply for citizenship and submitted a new application. He received no response to his inquiries about the legislation and the application process.Mr. Worthington who was adopted by a Canadian citizen applied for Canadian citizenship but was informed of prohibitions due to his adoption. He expressed confusion and questioned the wisdom of the Citizenship and Immigration Canada (CIC) statements. CIC struggled to decide what to do and a negative recommendation was made regarding his application for a special grant of citizenship. A memorandum was prepared for the Minister omitting critical information from the recommendation.Mr. Worthington applied for Canadian citizenship under section 5(4) of the Citizenship Act but the information presented to the Minister was erroneous as he did not qualify for it. His lawyer seeks an order for mandamus to require the Minister to grant him citizenship. However it is recommended that his request for a prisoner transfer program be refused and that no recommendation be made for a grant of citizenship.The Canadian Citizenship Act outlines criteria for individuals to be eligible for citizenship including residency requirements language skills and knowledge of Canada. Some exceptions exist for minors those with mental disabilities and those who serve Canada. The Minister can grant citizenship and a certificate is issued after compliance with the Act and regulations.