Apotex Inc. has lost an action for damages and relief in relation to the provisions of the Patented Medicines (Notice of Compliance) Regulations. The case which involved the Arcane PMNOC Regulations was dismissed with costs awarded to defendant Hoffmann LaRoche Limited under the old version of the Patent Act. The plaintiff had been engaged in extensive litigation as a generic drug company.In 1993 Apotex challenged the validity of a patent held by Roche and Syntex Pharmaceuticals for their drug Naproxen. After Roche and Syntex filed a prohibition application to prevent Apotex from making use of the patent Reed J. granted a prohibition order in 1996 prohibiting the Minister of National Health and Welfare from issuing a notice of compliance to Apotex until after the patent's expiration. Apotex's allegation of non-infringement was found to be insufficient and was not justified. Further evidence was denied.This legal case involved Apotex challenging the validity of Roche's patent for the drug Valcyte. The Canadian Federal Court issued a prohibition order against Roche preventing them from obtaining regulatory approval of Valcyte but Apotex requested the order be expressed without prejudice to their ability to file a new notice of allegation. However the Court stated that subsection 6.(2) of the Regulations required the issuing of an order of prohibition if the allegations were found not to be justified and therefore they could not grant Apotex's request. The case was later permanently stayed by another judge.In the case of Hoffmann-La Roche and Syntex the second notice of allegation filed by Apotex is essentially the same as the first which was already determined by the court to be unjustified. As a result the court deems it an abuse of process to allow a second round of proceedings to determine an issue already decided. The court permanently stays the proceedings with the existing order prohibiting the issuance of an NOC to Apotex until the patent's expiry remaining in effect. The principle of res judicata is not applied in this case.The case concerns a dispute over a drug patent with the Court weighing evidence and considering the proper use of Notices of Allegation. A Notice of Compliance (NOC) was issued by the Minister of Health while the matter was still before the Court leading to a subsequent application to quash the NOC. The Court ultimately found in favor of Apotex upholding the principle of res judicata.