urther delay and instead approving the McClean Lake Project with the 16 conditions attached. The project has since continued under the regulatory supervision of the Atomic Energy Control Board. The Inter-Church Uranium Committee Education Co-operative has opposed the project's development and is now seeking to challenge the regulatory licensing process by arguing that an environmental assessment is necessary under the Canadian Environmental Assessment Act. The primary concern cited is the potential environmental hazard posed by a tailings repository for uranium mining at McClean Lake and neighboring projects.ICUCEC seeks to quash the AECB's decision to issue a license to operate a mill with respect to the McClean Lake Project's JEB open pit mine and related Tailings Management Facility. ICUCEC raised concerns that a new environmental assessment should be conducted and that the natural surround concept applied to the TMF was not practical. However the AECB stated that adequate measures were in place to protect the environment and that the environmental effects of the project had been carefully considered. The AECB also accepted that the intent of the Canadian Environmental Assessment Act was met.ICUCEC challenges a decision by the Atomic Energy Control Board (AECB) to approve a license amendment for Cogema Resources Inc.'s JEB Pit Tailing Management Facility without conducting an environmental assessment. The AECB determined that an assessment was not required since the project had already been assessed and approved by a joint federal-provincial panel. ICUCEC argues that the license amendment triggered an environmental assessment under the Canadian Environmental Assessment Act.The International Uranium Corporation of Canada Ltd (ICUCEC) challenged the Atomic Energy Control Board's (AECB) decision to issue a licence allowing Cogema Resources to operate a uranium mine by filing a judicial review. The ICUCEC claimed that the AECB had not fulfilled its statutory duty to comply with the Canadian Environmental Assessment Act (CEAA) and related regulations and that the issuance of the license triggered a comprehensive study under the CEAA. The primary issue for determination was whether the AECB correctly interpreted the law in issuing the licence.