This is a patent infringement case where the plaintiffs allege that the defendant's product infringes on their Canadian Patent No. 2045433 for anticoagulants. The plaintiffs seek an interim injunction to restrain the defendant from selling their generic version of the product until trial. The plaintiffs argue that the introduction of the generic version will cause irreparable harm such as loss of reputation market share opportunities and a permanent reduction in price. The defendant alleges that all of the claims in the patent are invalid.Aventis Pharma S.A. is the owner of the patent for LOVENOX a low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) product used as an anticoagulant in Canada. Novopharm has been granted approval for their generic LMWH product NOXAPARIN which is the only generic LMWH approved for Canada. Aventis is seeking judicial review of Health Canada's decision to grant the NOC to Novopharm on health and safety grounds. There are three other LMWH products in competition with LOVENOX in Canada. The half life of UFH is shorter compared to LMWH products which have an average molecular weight around one-third smaller than UFH.Pharmaceutical company Aventis has launched a CAD 200m ($181.8m) lawsuit against Canadian drugmaker Novopharm claiming that its generic version of Aventis' blood thinner LOVENOX infringes on a patent. Aventis alleges that the cheap alternative called Novo-enoxaparin contains a different chemical structure and has a different pharmacological safety and efficacy profile to LOVENOX and so it should not be approved for use. The case has significant implications for generic drugmakers in Canada particularly those planning to produce alternatives to anticoagulants.The Plaintiffs claim that Novo-enoxaparin is not the pharmaceutical equivalent of LOVENOX and its use may increase the risk of haemorrhage or not prevent thrombosis as effectively. They also allege that the ANDS route used to obtain NOC for generic LMWH products may be problematic as it is difficult to understand why Health Canada issued NOC for a generic enoxaparin sodium product. The Plaintiffs point out that LMWH products are akin to biological products manufacturing of which involves purification from human or animal tissue or body fluids. Meanwhile Aventis Pharma has applied for judicial review seeking an Order quashing the decision of the Minister of Health to issue the NOC for Novo-enoxaparin. The Canadian injectable anticoagulant marketplace is primarily comprised of UFH and four LMWH products sold mostly to hospitals and the evidence suggests that LOVENOX takes 95% of sales for arterial-based conditions while FRAGMIN is the leader for venous-based conditions with approximately 75% of the market.