The plaintiffs allege that the defendant has infringed their patents and seek damages. The defendant moves for summary judgment to declare the patents invalid void and of no effect. They claim the plaintiffs did not pay required filing fees meaning their patents were either never validly filed or deemed abandoned. Canadian patent law is entirely statutory and failure to comply with the requirements of the Patent Act may render an application void.The fees for filing a patent application are determined by the Governor in Council and specified in Schedule II of the Patent Rules with the amount depending on whether the applicant is a small entity. An additional completion fee must be paid if requirements are not met on the filing date. If maintenance fees are not paid the application will be deemed abandoned but can be reinstated within a prescribed period and with a fee. The defendant alleges that the applicants only paid small entity fees on filing.The court's decision in Dutch Industries Ltd. barred the Patent Commissioner from accepting top-up payments after the deadline for payment of fees leaving patent applicants and holders with no recourse if they underpaid fees. The government announced its intention to amend the Patent Act to allow for retroactive correction of past fee payments but no amendments have been adopted. The patents in the present case relate to stents used to expand and reinforce blood vessels.The Expandable Grafts Partnership (EGP) owned patents related to the development and marketing of an expandable intraluminal vascular graft. Ethicon Inc. a Johnson & Johnson subsidiary was granted a worldwide exclusive license under the Patent Rights for $3.6 million. Palmaz one of EGP's partners submitted petitions and patent applications and claimed to be a small entity to the Canadian Patent Commissioner. The patents were eventually issued in Palmaz's name. Cordis Corporation later acquired the patents from EGP and sold them to Johnson & Johnson.Palmaz initially claimed small entity status when filing patent applications in Canada but later admitted that they were not a small entity and therefore owed more fees. The Commissioner accepted the additional fee and allowed the applications to continue. Palmaz also failed to pay maintenance fees for one of their patents while similar patents were issued in the United States. The case went before the court for a motion for summary judgment.The case concerns the validity of patents claimed by Palmaz and Schatz and whether they were entitled to claim small entity status at the time of filing. The defendant argues that the patents are invalid but the plaintiffs seek to have the case stayed pending the enactment of retroactive legislative changes. The stay was granted for one year but the judge refused to extend it leaving the motion for summary judgment to be decided on the law as it currently stands. The issue is whether the patents are deemed permanently abandoned due to a failure to pay the prescribed filing fees within the statutory twelve-month period.The defendant argues that the patents issued to Palmaz and Schatz are invalid due to failure to pay the appropriate filing fees and completion fees. The plaintiffs argue that the case should not proceed by way of summary judgment and point out that the defendant has not specifically pleaded s.59 of the Patent Act.The Federal Court of Canada has granted a motion from a defendant that an action in relation to three patents be dismissed finding that there is no genuine issue for trial. The defendants maintained that the patents were invalid because the applicant had claimed to be a small entity despite the applicant's actual large entity status meaning the proper fees had not been paid. The court disagreed with the plaintiffs' arguments in favour of the patents and also rejected their claim that the defendant should have proceeded through judicial review rather than trying to invalidate the patents in court.The defendant cannot seek remedies through a judicial review application as they were not directly affected by the matter according to the Federal Courts Act. Only those who failed to obtain a patent by reason of a refusal or rejection from the Commissioner have the right of appeal. The defendant has a commercial interest in the matter which does not grant them the standing to challenge administrative decisions affecting a rival. The procedure found in sections 59 and 60 of the Patent Act provides a comprehensive scheme for challenging any decision of the Commissioner which has led to the issuance of a patent.Pharmascience lacks standing to apply for a judicial review of the Commissioner of Patents' decision to issue two patents to Teva Canada Limited. However the defendant in the patent infringement case can plead that the patents are invalid or void under sections 53(1) or 60 of the Patent Act or rely on section 59 to defend the action by proving that the patent is invalid. The defendant sought the invalidity of the patents in this case due to the plaintiffs' failure to pay the filing fees correctly and complete the patent applications on time.t pleading ss. 59 and 60 of the Patent Act in their amended statement of defence and counterclaim may not necessarily result in the dismissal of their infringement action. While pleadings are important in this case the defendant's pleadings indicated the specific remedies sought and the relevant provisions of the Patent Act upon which they relied. The plaintiffs were also aware of this and responded accordingly.