ent who is inadmissible on grounds of security violating human or international rights serious criminality or organized criminality. The Applicant a woman of Thai origin seeks judicial review of a decision of the Immigration Appeal Division confirming her removal to Thailand due to serious criminality that made her inadmissible to Canada. She was found guilty of criminal negligence causing bodily harm for not disclosing her HIV-positive status to her husband who contracted the disease. The Ontario Court of Appeal later confirmed her conviction but reduced her sentence to two years granting her a right of appeal under subsection 63(3) of the IRPA.The case involves a foreign national or permanent resident who has been found inadmissible due to serious criminality violating human or international rights security or organized criminality. The Immigration Appeal Division (IAD) dismissed the appeal and made a removal order under section 69 of the IRPA which the court is asked to review. The IAD declined to stay the removal order as it was not satisfied that sufficient humanitarian and compassionate considerations warranted special relief.The Immigration Appeal Division can dismiss an appeal if it doesn't allow the appeal or stay the removal order. The Minister can make an appeal in some cases and if the Division finds that humanitarian and compassionate considerations warrant special relief it may stay or dismiss the appeal. If a permanent resident or foreign national is convicted of another offense while a removal order is stayed the appeal is terminated.licant has been living in Canada for fifteen years and has limited language skills and no job or assets coupled with the seriousness of her criminal convictions led the IAD to determine that despite some positive steps towards rehabilitation there were no special circumstances that would justify allowing her to remain in Canada under humanitarian grounds. A measure of removal would be taken against the applicant. The best interests of the child were also considered where applicable.