Pasha Shamlou a citizen of Iran appealed a negative decision by the Convention Refugee Determination Division of the Immigration and Refugee Board which refused his claim for refugee status. The Board determined that Shamlou was excluded from making the claim as per the Immigration Act pursuant to the application of certain sections. Shamlou appealed claiming the decision was patently unreasonable ignored evidence and erred in the interpretation of the definition of Convention Refugee. Shamlou's background revealed that he left Iran in 1970 married an American reported on dissident Iranian student groups to the intelligence service of the Shah left the US for El Salvador in 1976 and moved to various countries before coming to Canada in 1992.The case involves an Iranian applicant who claims refugee status in Canada. He had previously lived in Mexico where he held a travel and identity document a Ricaran Document of Identity and Travel which he claimed he had renewed twice and was recognized as a permanent resident. The respondent argues that the applicant had successfully integrated in Mexico had no problems or restrictions and voluntarily left Mexico to visit his father in Turkey.An Iranian national obtained thousands of Costa Rican travel documents for other Iranians through bribery and used one himself to enter and leave Costa Rica without conditions. He was later denied re-entry into the US due to various travel documents including his Iranian passport. The applicant raised three issues including an error of law erroneous finding of fact and a failure to provide complete reasons but it was determined that the primary issue was whether the Board erred in excluding the applicant from Convention refugee status.The case involves an Iranian man who sought refugee status in Canada but was excluded due to his acquisition of Mexican citizenship and property. He was also excluded due to a conviction for attempted sexual battery of an 11-year-old boy in the US which was deemed a serious non-political crime. The Board found that he fell under s. E and F(b) of art. 1 of the 1951 Convention and was therefore excluded from Convention refugee status.