The family from Mexico made an application for judicial review of a Pre-Removal Risk Assessment (PRRA) after their refugee claims were refused in 2003. The family claimed that they were members of a social group of impoverished people and victims of crime. Mr. Ramirez was diagnosed with kidney disease and was receiving treatment three times a week. The PRRA officer refused the application and found that there was no new evidence of risk to the family if they were returned to Mexico. The family made an application for permanent residence on humanitarian and compassionate grounds.Applicants filed a fresh affidavit which includes statements from third parties letters from Mr. Ramirez's Canadian physicians and an affidavit made by Mrs. Covarrubias for the stay application. The evidence shows that Mr. Ramirez needs dialysis three times a week which is not available in Mexico without private health insurance. If not available Mr. Ramirez would die within a week. The applicants argue whether the PRRA officer erred in finding that they are excluded from paragraph 97(1)(b)(iv) and failing to consider H&C factors. A preliminary issue is whether portions of the law student's affidavit are admissible.The court ruled that evidence submitted in support of a PRRA application must be based on personal knowledge and not merely hearsay. The court also noted that evidence not before the decision maker is only admissible in limited circumstances and that the appropriate standard of review for PRRA decisions is reasonableness or patent unreasonableness. The court cautioned against relying on third-party affidavits and advised applicants to be mindful of the evidentiary requirements for PRRA applications.The case revolves around the interpretation of section 97(1)(b)(iv) of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act specifically regarding the narrowness of the phrase inability of that country to provide adequate health or medical care. The applicants argue it should apply only to states genuinely unable to provide care while the respondent argues it includes cases where care is not available to the individual due to cost. The PRRA officer is criticized for not considering the constitutional implications of this interpretation.