he case the plaintiff claims that the defendant has infringed on a Canadian patent owned by the plaintiff for a method of making metal oxide semiconductor field effect transistors (Mosfets) which are used in electronic equipment. The main issues are whether the patent can be infringed by a later-developed process and whether the patent is valid with additional challenges on grounds such as anticipation and ambiguity. The method involves doping the substrate with different impurities to create N- or P-type conductivity and creating source and drain wells through vapour deposition or other methods.To create an N-channel device phosphorus must be added to the well areas by exposing the surface of the substrate to phosphorus gas through vapour deposition followed by high-temperature heating known as the predep and drive-in steps. The entire device is exposed and protected by a mask made by coating the entire surface with photo resist developing it and using an etchant to remove unexposed photo resist. The IC fabrication process involves photolithographic masking etching and depositing substances to form layers in a required pattern.This article discusses the fabrication of transistors and integrated circuits highlighting the advancements made since the mid-1960s. Modern transistors can have gate lengths of less than one micron while integrated circuits can contain one million components. The article also discusses the process of metallization whereby metal is deposited and etched to connect the components of a circuit. Overlap tolerances and parasitic capacitance are also mentioned as challenges faced in the fabrication process.proposed in the mid-60s to use silicon as the gate electrode material in the fabrication of Mosfets. This involved depositing a layer of polycrystalline silicon which would be more difficult to make uniformly conductive than monocrystalline silicon. The fabrication sequence involved depositing layers of silicon nitride and dioxide and etching to bare the source drain and gate regions. A working device was fabricated by May 31 1966.In 1966 a transistor was successfully tested using a curve tracer and found to exhibit transistor characteristics. The process for fabricating the transistor was documented in a laboratory notebook and discussions surrounding a patent for the process began in September of that year. The process involved using a polycrystalline silicon film as the gate electrode and a two-layer gate insulator consisting of silicon nitride and a second layer.This article discusses the construction of a patent related to the invention of a semiconductor structure. The patent involves the use of silicon nitride and silicon dioxide sandwich structure for the gate insulator and the use of polysilicon as the gate electrode material. The claims in issue have been analyzed using principles of patent law and the conclusion is drawn that the invention claimed in the claims teaches the aforementioned aspects.