The issue in this case is whether the Treasury Board and the Public Service Commission discriminated against Nancy Green on the grounds of disability by denying her full-time French language training which was necessary for her to be appointed to a bilingual non-imperative position. Candidates who receive a positive prognosis are eligible for full-time language training and the decision is based on a language proficiency test a language aptitude test and an interview. The tests assess a person's learning abilities and predict their ability to learn a second language.The judicial review examines Nancy Green's failed attempt to join a bilingual non-imperative job position due to her poor scores on French language tests. Despite her high-ranking in knowledge ability and personal suitability she performed poorly with auditory language comprehension and her prognosis for reaching the required proficiency level within the specified time was considered negative due to her poor inductive learning abilities and low grammatical sensitivity. The interviewers advised her to take evening classes and come back later for a lower target.In 1988 Nancy Green a highly intelligent and presentable woman with high intellectual potential was placed by EIC in a manager position despite having a learning disability affecting auditory processing functioning. Dr. Mandelcorn found that while she struggled with auditory discrimination and rote auditory memory and sequencing skills she had developed compensatory strategies through her strengths in language and visual processing skills. Dr. Mandelcorn recommended accommodations such as one-on-one instruction and no time limits for Green to successfully learn French. EIC's Director of Personnel sent Dr. Mandelcorn's report to PSC in Ottawa proposing accommodations for Green's language training.The case of Nancy Green highlights the issue of unilingual people being appointed to bilingual positions. Despite changes to government policy limiting access to language training exceptions can be made for candidates who demonstrate sufficient potential to learn a second language within a maximum training time. However Nancy Green did not meet the criteria for exceptions including compassionate grounds. Low aptitude for language learning was not considered a disability that warranted exclusion.Nancy Green was initially deemed ineligible for a bilingual government job due to a possible learning disability. However despite their efforts Green's department received a negative prognosis. The Executive Director of the EIC stated that language training access policies which have denied some 280 otherwise qualified candidates since 1981 fall under the exclusive authority of TB. Efforts to make TB aware of negative impacts and perceived inequities have been made at both Branch and Commission levels.The record of the respondents' correspondence reveals continuous efforts to find a solution for Nancy Green's language qualification issue. Green received funding for private and PSC evening French courses but her acting manager position was ended as she couldn't meet the language qualifications. She was later appointed as an Industrial Consultant at the PM-5 level. Dr. Ford assessed her language learning ability and found that she has a form of dyslexia that affects her memory-based learning but doesn't impair her ability to learn a second language conversationally and grammatically.Nancy Green filed two complaints with the Canadian Human Rights Commission in 1989 alleging discrimination by the Treasury Board and the Public Service Commission on the basis of her auditory processing learning disability. The Treasury Board's policy on language training deprived her of employment opportunities and the PSC treated her differently in the provision of services. Dr. Ford retested and found that Nancy Green was an exceptional learner and recommended a different teaching approach for her.discriminate against an individual on the basis of a prohibited ground of discrimination; (b) to adversely differentiate in the terms or conditions of employment of an individual on the basis of a prohibited ground of discrimination. The complainant alleges that the PSC discriminated against them on the basis of their disability dyslexia in the hiring process for a PM-6 position. The Tribunal allowed their appeal against the PSC's decision not to hire them based on evidence that the language testing was not a fair measure of their potential and that individual needs were not considered.The Canadian Human Rights Act prohibits any form of discrimination in employment or prospective employment. Employers cannot differentiate against employees on prohibited grounds or establish policies and practices that deprive individuals of employment opportunities on discriminatory grounds. However if the differentiation or practice is based on a bona fide occupational requirement or accommodation would impose undue hardship it is not discriminatory. If a complaint is substantiated the person engaging in discriminatory practices may receive an order to cease and take measures to remedy the practice or compensate the victim.