This case involves a judicial review application to review and set aside a decision of the Immigration and Refugee Board. The applicant a citizen of Bangladesh was ordered to be removed from Canada due to misrepresentation of his marital status on his immigration documents. The applicant claims he relied on another person to complete his immigration documents and did not fully understand the instructions.The applicant a Bangladeshi citizen entered Canada with his family in December 1992. He had been sponsored by his cousin and had applied for permanent residency in Canada listing himself as single. However he had married just five weeks prior to leaving Bangladesh but did not notify Canadian immigration officials of his change in marital status. It was only when he sought to sponsor his wife to come to Canada that his true marital status was revealed resulting in allegations of misrepresentation.t was that he did not willfully misrepresent his marital status and that he had entered into his marriage after his application for permanent residency. He argued that the Adjudicator's decision was harsh and that the Adjudicator had erred by not considering all the evidence. The applicant also argued that his right to procedural fairness had been breached. However the court dismissed the applicant's application for judicial review finding that there was evidence to support the Adjudicator's decision and that the applicant had been afforded procedural fairness.An application for judicial review was made against the Appeal Division by counsel for the applicant who alleged errors in the interpretation of the Immigration Act the unconstitutional application of the Act and wrongful findings of fact by the Appeal Division. The court dismissed the applicant's arguments on the basis of the language of s. 27(1)(e) of the Act and the scheme of the Act regarding visas and landing. The court also found that the applicant did commit misrepresentation by committing an innocent misrepresentation.