M.K. Plastics Corporation is suing Plasticair Inc. for patent infringement over an apparatus intended to discharge exhausted fumes called Axijet. Both Canadian companies sell industrial and commercial fans and blowers. Plasticair Inc. counterclaims for trade libel unfair trade practices inducing breach of contract and invalidity of the patent. M.K. Plastics alleges the Axijet significantly increases the primary discharge of exhausted fumes in comparison with regular blowers and produces greater dilution. The patent has been disputed since 2001.This court decision pertains to determining the plaintiff's entitlement to remedies and liability with regards to the defendant's counterclaim. The dispute is centered around claims 1 and 2 of the '163 patent for an exhaust fan apparatus. The parties disagree on terms such as the orientation bifurcation of the nozzle the diffuser and the windband. The court applied principles of informed and purposive construction to determine validity infringement and fair trade practices. The quantum of any applicable remedies will be determined on a separate reference pursuant to Rule 107 of the Federal Courts Rules 1998 SOR/98-106.The date for conducting construction analysis of a patent is its publication date and it should be read by a skilled person with ordinary knowledge of the specific art or science. The essential elements of an invention must be identified to determine its inventiveness and an element is non-essential if it can be substituted or omitted without affecting the structure or operation of the invention. The language of the claims defines the monopoly and there is no recourse to the 'spirit of the invention' to expand it further.In a patent infringement case claims must be read in context to determine if there is infringement. Expert evidence can be used to determine common knowledge at the time of the patent and the meaning of words used in the claims. The role of the expert is to assist the judge not interpret the claims. The plaintiff and defendant in this case relied on the expert evidence of mechanical engineers with extensive industry experience.