White Consolidated Industries took legal action against Beam of Canada seeking to strike their trademark registration and slogan from the register on grounds of ineligibility and lack of distinctiveness. White Consolidated Industries further claimed that Beam of Canada's marketing would cause confusion between their respective products. The case involved the acquisition of Beam Industries by National Union Electric Corporation which was subsequently merged with White Consolidated Industries. Beam of Canada had been importing central vacuum systems from Beam Industries since the mid-1970s and had changed their name from Vac-U-Matic Industries Limited to Beam Central Vacuum Systems in 1978.Beam Industries in Iowa was the sole provider of central vacuum systems in Canada between 1975 and 1990 with every power unit and canister bearing their trademark. In 1981 Oscar Paul Muser filed a trademark application for the name Beam which was later registered in Canada in 1985. Beam of Canada subsequently purchased the rights to the trademark and used it to create a nationwide network of dealers and distributors. White alleges that they and their predecessors had used the trademark in Canada before Muser's registration but there was no objection to Muser's registration until 1990.The main issue in this legal case is to determine the ownership of the trademark Beam in Canada as well as whether the slogan Don't Lug A Vacuum ... Plug In A Beam can be exclusively used by Beam of Canada. The defendant argues that they have acquired a substantial reputation through long and extensive use and advertising while the plaintiff argues that the trademark was not distinctive of the applicant at the time of validity. The case also involves questions of abandonment passing off laches and assignor estoppel.Section 16 of the Canadian Trademarks Act outlines who is entitled to the registration of a trademark including the requirement that the applicant has used or made the trademark known in Canada in association with goods or services. A confusing trademark or trade name previously used in Canada can invalidate the registration unless it has been abandoned. The definition of use in the normal course of trade was discussed in a previous case. The case referred to a wholesaler or distributor being considered the use by the foreign trademark owner not the Canadian importer.