The dispute in this case revolves around whether or not to pump out the polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) from the sunken Irving Whale barge in the Gulf of St. Lawrence before lifting it. The court's role is to decide whether the respondents have complied with the applicable environmental assessment legislation as the situation is unusual since the removal of a known environmental hazard is being evaluated. The barge contains approximately 3113 metric tons of oil and various studies were undertaken to determine the most effective way to remove it. The decision to raise the barge was made as it would involve less risk to human life less risk of environmental pollution and be less costly than the pump-out option. An initial environmental assessment was prepared in accordance with environmental assessment legislation.In 1994 an environmental assessment report was conducted on the proposal for dealing with the Irving Whale - a large blue whale that had been carcass for years off the coast of Newfoundland. The assessment concluded that any potential adverse environmental effects of the proposed recovery project were insignificant or mitigable with known technology. The recovery was scheduled for the summer of 1995 and a modification was later proposed to change the port of destination for the barge. A supplementary environmental assessment was undertaken and it was determined that the potential adverse environmental effects caused by the modification were also insignificant or mitigable with known technology.After the sinking of the Irving Whale it was discovered that PCBs had leaked into the marine environment mixed with oil that had escaped during the sinking or leaked independently. A new environmental assessment was undertaken and it was determined that attempting to determine the location and quantity of the PCBs on board introduced the risk of releasing uncontrolled PCBs into the environment. A subsequent assessment was conducted and it was concluded that safety precautions had been planned for in the proposed project to recover the barge. There was litigation over the decision to proceed with the recovery of the barge.The case involves the removal of the Irving Whale a vessel containing harmful substances including PCBs which poses a threat to the marine environment. The applicant argues that the Canadian Environmental Assessment Act should be applied rather than the EARP Guidelines Order and that the decision to proceed with the removal was made without fully considering adverse environmental effects. The court discusses the applicable law and transitional provisions and ultimately accepts the respondents' assertion that the project can proceed. Public information sessions were held and the decision to proceed was made based on the negligible impact of the removal on the environment.