This case questions the constitutionality of s. 14.03 of the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act which allows the Superintendent to take steps to preserve records of estates. In 1995 the Deputy Superintendent took possession of records administered by the applicants and entrusted them to a guardian. The case revolves around the taking of possession and involves allegations against a trustee who formed a new corporate trustee with another individual. The agreement had to be approved by the Superintendent for full execution.The case involves the misconduct of corporate trustee Groupe G. Tremblay and its administrators including misappropriation of funds misrepresentations to the courts and the Official Receiver and preparation of false statutory documents. In 1995 investigations were initiated by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and the Office of the Superintendent due to numerous complaints with an audit conducted by Laurent Lachance corroborating the findings of serious offences. The case involved a number of individuals including Mr. Tremblay Mr. Drolet and Francois A. Gouin a trustee.The case involves the issuance of warrants by Judge Choquette to the officers of the RCMP to seize Groupe G. Tremblay's records based on allegations of misconduct. The Deputy Superintendent issued a direction for conservatory measures to protect all estates administered by Groupe G. Tremblay while the investigation was ongoing which included sending notices to relevant parties. The Deputy Superintendent did not think he needed judicial authorization before taking possession of the records and the relevant statutory provisions are found in the B.I.A.iven by the Superintendent of Bankruptcy may include cancelling suspending or placing conditions on a trustee's license. The Superintendent may delegate their powers and duties but must give notice to affected parties. A trustee must be given notice and a hearing before the Superintendent exercises their powers and the decision may be made public. The Superintendent may also direct a person to deal with the property of an estate in specific circumstances to protect it.