The Tsawwassen First Nation applied for a judicial review to challenge the decision of the Minister of Finance to approve loans for the construction of the Deltaport Container Terminal Project without a proper environmental assessment. They also sought to quash the decision of the Minister of Environment to deny their petition for an assessment and requested an opportunity to be heard in respect of the petition. The Minister of Finance's decision letter and related correspondence were provided as evidence.The Vancouver Port Corporation received approval under the Financial Administration Act for the Deltaport project which precluded the application of section 48 of the Canadian Environmental Assessment Act. The letter from the Minister of Environment declined to refer the project to a mediator stating that the conditions for intervention were not met and suggested that discussions be held between the corporation and the Tsawwassen First Nation to address their concerns. Related legal proceedings were joined and ordered to be heard together.The Roberts Bank Port in the Fraser River estuary is a 260-acre created land joined to the mainland by a four km causeway. It is managed by the Vancouver Port Corporation and consists of four sections with two being occupied by a bulk coal terminal and the other two undeveloped until the Deltaport Container Terminal was approved in 1992. Completed in 1997 it has since been operating as a fully functioning container terminal without any adverse environmental impacts according to authorities. The Tsawwassen First Nation filed an application for a judicial review in 1996.The Tsawwassen First Nation is seeking an environmental assessment of the Roberts Bank port facility and causeway in Canada claiming that it has negatively impacted the marine resources on its reserve and that the cumulative impact of the development needs to be accounted for. The Nation alleges that its interests have not been adequately considered despite previous environmental assessments. The case seeks to ensure that Section 16(1)(a) of the Canadian Environmental Assessment Act is enforced so that environmental social and economic effects of the project are properly assessed.