This is a case about disputed income tax assessments relating to the plaintiff's taxation years from 1971 to 1975. The Minister of National Revenue disallowed certain amounts claimed as over-stated costs that would artificially reduce the plaintiff's income. The plaintiff claimed that the amounts were properly deducted payments for crude oil acquired from Socal sources in Iran and Saudi Arabia through its subsidiary Irvcal. After a trial the court concluded that the plaintiff's contentions prevailed and judgment went in its favor. The parties jointly agreed to a partial statement of facts for the purposes of this appeal only. The background details how Socal identified New Brunswick as a market for its surplus Arabian crude oil and Irving Oil Co. was identified as a desirable marketer.In 1956 K.C. Irving sought to enter the crude oil market and negotiate a long-term supply contract with British Petroleum which fell through. Socony Vacuum Oil Company (Socal) then began negotiations for the construction of a refinery in New Brunswick Canada which eventually resulted in a 1957 contract to buy 49% of the stock of Irving Oil Co. and 51% of the stock of Irving Refining Ltd. with the Irvings owning the remaining shares. The agreement allowed Socal to establish a foothold in the Canadian market and provided an outlet for Socal's share of Arabian crude oil.In 1957 Irving Refining and California Transport Corporation (a subsidiary of Socal) entered into an agreement for the sale and delivery of Arabian and Iranian crude oil to a new refinery in New Brunswick. Shareholder agreements were also signed with Socal given the ability to nominate and appoint half of the directors at Irving Oil Co. and Irving Refining. There was no simple formula for price adjustments but both parties agreed to consider making adjustments in the spirit of mutual good faith.In 1973 Irving Refining merged with Mispec Oil Limited to become Irving Oil Limited with the Irving family holding a majority stake. However the voting position remained even between the Irvings and their partners Socal. The crude oil supply contract between Irving Refining and California Transport Corporation was renegotiated several times after its initial 20-year term with various discounts and adjustments to the base price. Socal provided technical expertise and personnel to the construction and operations of the Irving refinery.legal document discussing the renegotiation of prices for crude oil from September 1970 to August 1971. The discussions included incentives for shareholders who lifted crude oil in excess of their equity share and pressures from the King of Saudi Arabia to increase liftings. Socal also wanted to use supertankers to stay competitive leading to the construction of a Bay of Fundy terminal. Socal's relationship with the Irving family was important for their long-term advantage in the Canadian market.In 1969 and 1971 draft documents and contracts were exchanged between Chevron Socal and the Irving family regarding the supply of crude oil to the St. John Refinery in New Brunswick. The contracts included price reviews term extensions and limitations on supplying solely the St. John refinery. The Irving family eventually acquired the shares of Bomag International leading to the creation of Irving California Oil Company in 1972. The supply documents were subsequently amended and replaced in December 1972.Irvcal had a board of directors consisting of residents from Bermuda and the United States including a former senior executive of Socal. They had their own stationery telephone and maintained books and records. Irvcal's accounts were audited by Price Waterhouse & Co. and they maintained bank accounts and purchased and sold fuel and crude oil to Irving Oil Co. and the plaintiff's predecessors.The court case involves a dispute over alleged overstated costs of crude oil by Irvcal resulting in disallowed tax deductions. The process of invoicing and delivery is explained and the credibility of witnesses is affirmed. A large amount totaling $141946190 in disallowed deductions is stated and the parties tendered numerous documents whose relevance and truth the court will decide. There is a dispute over whether a notice of reassessment for 1974 is an assessment or not.The case involves the plaintiff disputing reassessments made by the Minister of National Revenue claiming they are unfounded in law and fact. The main issue at hand is the determination of the true cost of the plaintiff's crude oil acquisitions from 1971 to 1975 with the defendant alleging the plaintiff overstated its cost by interposing its subsidiary in the chain of acquisition. The plaintiff and defendant have presented their arguments with the burden on the plaintiff to refute the Minister's assumptions by a preponderance of evidence.