This case involves an appeal against the Minister of National Revenue's reassessments of tax for the plaintiff's 1977-1979 taxation years. The plaintiff an oil well servicing corporation claimed deductions and credits for manufacturing and processing investment tax credits and accelerated capital cost allowances. The defendant disputes that the plaintiff's business activities included the preparation and sale of special mixtures of cement fracturing materials acid and nitrogen and therefore argues that the plaintiff does not qualify for these deductions and credits.The case involves the plaintiff Nowsco disputing the Canadian Revenue Agency's disallowance of tax deductions investment tax credits and accelerated capital cost allowances. The main issue is whether Nowsco's business involved the manufacturing or processing of goods for sale or if it constituted just rendering services. Both parties accept that the oil industry in Canada can be divided into three sectors: well operators service companies and supply companies.Counsel for both the plaintiff and defendant prepared well for a case involving taxation years 1977-1979 with claims for deductions that have relevance in subsequent years. The plaintiff Nowsco is a well service company that specializes in using types of stimulation like fracturing acidizing and nitrogen gas to promote the flow of hydrocarbons from oil or gas wells. The case's resolution could form the basis for resolving similar issues in subsequent years.Well stimulation involves the use of nitrogen and other fluids to improve and increase oil production. Well cementing is the process of filling the cavity between the hole drilled in the ground and the steel casing to protect and solidify the casing prevent fluid interaction with the well and close off nonproducing sections. The plaintiff a well service company provides custom-fabricated machinery and highly skilled personnel for safe and effective operation. The operator is in charge because of their significant investment and risk.