This case concerns four applications brought under the Access to Information Act seeking government-commissioned public opinion polls and results of focus or survey groups regarding national unity and constitutional reform. The Access to Information/Privacy Coordinator for the Privy Council identified 709 relevant pages but only 120 pages were disclosed to applicants. The requesters complained to the Information Commissioner about the refusal to disclose the remaining 589 pages.An exchange of correspondence occurred between the Clerk of the Privy Council and the Information Commissioner over complaints about the amount of information disclosed during discussions about constitutional renewal. The Commissioner found that the complaints were justified and recommended that all requested material except for 74 pages be released. Despite this the Clerk of the Privy Council declined to take action on the recommendations. The Information Commissioner offered to apply to the Federal Court for a review of the refusal to disclose the requested record and some individuals authorized him to do so. The Information Commissioner's findings acknowledged the difficulty of balancing confidentiality with the public interest.The Information Commissioner reviewed withheld records and found that while some portions may reasonably result in harm if disclosed much of the information about public issues and proposals should be disclosed. The Commissioner recommended that additional portions be disclosed and determined that all but 74 pages of the total 709 pages should be released. This is in accordance with Section 2 of the Access to Information Act which aims to extend public access to government information.Canada's laws provide citizens with a general right of access to government information with specific exemptions where disclosure could reasonably be expected to harm the conduct of federal-provincial affairs including consultations deliberations and tactics. In cases where access is denied the Information Commissioner may conduct an investigation and complainants may apply to a court for a review of the decision. The Act is not intended to limit access to information typically available to the general public.Section 41 allows for a review of any refusal to disclose a requested record provided an investigation has been carried out by the Information Commissioner and the requester consents. Section 47 requires precautions to avoid disclosure during any court proceedings with the burden of establishing authorization to refuse disclosure placed on the government. Section 50 outlines the court's role and jurisdiction in the case of a refusal to disclose based on s. 14 of the Act related to federal-provincial affairs. The Act provides both mandatory and discretionary exemptions with two decisions necessary for the latter.This legal case involves the interpretation of Canada's Access to Information Act and whether certain government records should be disclosed. The purpose of the Act is to provide public access to government information and exceptions to this right of access should be limited and specific. The burden of proof rests on the party seeking to prevent disclosure. The court rejected the argument that Australian jurisprudence should be considered in this case.ably be expected to cause damage to the security defence or international relations of the Commonwealth; or (b) would disclose any information or matter in relation to which a claim of public interest immunity could be made. However the judge found that the Australian jurisprudence could not be used to interpret the Canadian Access Act and that the purpose clause in the Australian Act was not identical to s. 2(1) of the Canadian Act.The Canadian government argued that the test for determining if disclosure would cause harm under s.33A(1) of the Access Act should include the possibility of harm while the Canadian jurisprudence requires a reasonable expectation of probable harm. The Canadian court rejected the government's argument and stated that the test remains one of reasonable expectation of probable harm. The court also provided guidelines for assessing whether there is a reasonable expectation of probable harm from disclosure.The case involves a request for access to information under the Access to Information Act. The court considers various principles including the importance of giving weight to the considered opinion of the Information Commissioner assessing the likelihood of harm from disclosure and considering whether the information is available from other sources. The evidence in this case includes 16 affidavits and over 1000 pages of material including exhibits and attachments. The court emphasizes the importance of justifying any exemption from disclosure with clear rationale and supporting evidence.