The court had previously ruled in favor of the plaintiff in a tort case and dismissed the Crown's action against the plaintiff. A second trial was held to determine the amount of damages but it is unclear if both parties fully reviewed the court's judgment from a year and a half prior. The judgment involved the seizure of the plaintiff's property in violation of their rights under the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms and deemed the seizures unlawful and quashed them.The plaintiff George Gordon Rollinson was successful in his claim against the Crown for the seizure of his vessel the Rogue in violation of his rights guaranteed under sections 7 8 12 and 15 of the Charter. The Crown was ordered to compensate Rollinson for damages including losses and mental anguish and to return any seized documents. The departmental adjudications process was declared to be of no force and effect and the parties were directed to apply for the assessment of damages. The Crown was also ordered to pay Rollinson's solicitor-and-client costs.The defendant is awarded replacement cost and any cost of loss of use for a seized Pontiac 1974 Parisienne automobile owned by them. The defendant is also awarded costs on a solicitor-and-client basis with counsel fees but not disbursements to be abated by 6% after taxation. The Crown has to pay $1520.23 special damages to the defendant and pretrial interest from February 7 1985 to June 27 1991. The defendant is also awarded a quantum of special damages for the illegal seizure of the Rogue boat.A court case involved the seizure of a citizen's private papers without a search warrant which was deemed unlawful and abusive. The plaintiff was deemed impecunious and the defendant argued that compensation should reflect their lack of wealth. However a previous case established that the lack of wealth should not affect compensation for wrong-doing.The case involved a dispute over damages for the loss of a dredger used for the construction of quay walls at Patras. The plaintiffs who had purchased the dredger in the Netherlands faced financial difficulties and were forced to hire a more expensive dredger from Italy. The House of Lords ultimately ruled that the plaintiffs were not entitled to recover damages based on their actual loss due to their financial situation as their impecuniosity was not traceable to the defendant's acts.The law cannot account for all the consequences of wrongful actions as it would be impossible to judge every cause and effect. Some consequences may be considered too remote such as financial hardship caused by bankruptcy following a collision at sea. This concept of remoteness has been considered in many legal cases including the specific case being discussed where the victim's financial circumstances were deemed not relevant to the damages awarded.