This case involves four applications under the Access to Information Act seeking government commissioned public opinion polls focus or survey groups and relevant contracts related to national unity and constitutional reform from July 1 1990 to December 31 1991. The government provided 120 pages but refused disclosure of 589 pages leading to complaints to the Information Commissioner.In 1992 the Information Commission of Canada found that the complaints regarding the Privy Council Office withholding records related to constitutional renewal were well-founded. The Commissioner recommended the release of all requested material except for 74 pages. The Clerk of the Privy Council declined the recommendations which led to the requesters authorizing the Information Commissioner to apply to the Federal Court. The Commissioner and Prime Minister ordered the release of the records stating the government's decision to withhold the records at issue was taken in good faith but did not meet the threshold test to justify secrecy.The Information Commissioner reviewed the withheld survey records related to federal-provincial relations and considered arguments for disclosure. While some portions could reasonably result in harm the majority of the information deals with public issues and proposals and should be disclosed to avoid the perception of public exclusion in the unity debate. The Commissioner recommended that additional portions of the requested records be disclosed as they do not give rise to the harm described in s. 14 of the Access to Information Act.The Access to Information Act of Canada provides citizens with the right to access records controlled by government institutions in accordance with principles such as the public's right to information and limited exceptions to this right. Exemptions are listed in Sections 13-24 including Section 14 which allows the head of a government institution to refuse to disclose records that could be harmful to federal-provincial affairs. The Act also provides for severance of nondisclosable portions of records and procedures involving the Information Commissioner. Citizens may apply for a review of a refusal to disclose information.Section 41 allows for a review of a refusal to disclose a requested record if an investigation has been carried out by the Information Commissioner and the requester consents. Section 47 requires the court to take precautions to avoid disclosure of the record during any proceeding. Section 48 places the burden on the Government to establish authorization to refuse disclosure and section 50 outlines the court's role and jurisdiction in cases of refusal based on s. 14 of the Act. This case concerns the first consideration of the exemption provided under s. 14 which is a discretionary exemption.The case deals with the interpretation of Canada's Access to Information Act which aims to provide access to government information to the public. The burden of proof is placed on the party seeking to prevent disclosure and exceptions to disclosure must be based on a reasonable expectation of probable harm. The Act's purpose is to limit such exceptions and maintain government information's availability to the public. The case concerns a private corporation seeking to prevent the disclosure of certain records claiming an exception under s. 14 of the Act.The judge rules in favor of the Canada Packers case stating that statutes are to be interpreted with a view to carrying out their objects and purposes and when explicit in setting forth the purpose of an enactment and principles to be applied in construing it. The judge also considers the Australian jurisprudence in relation to the Australian Freedom of Information Act 1982. The government argued that s.33A(1) of the Australian Act is the equivalent of s.14 of the Canadian Act.The Canadian court rejected the Australian Government's argument that the disclosure of documents related to a proposed extradition treaty could harm the relationship between the Commonwealth and the State stating that the Canadian jurisprudence established a test of reasonable expectation of probable harm rather than a sliding scale of possible harm. The court outlined guidelines for assessing probable harm from disclosure and determining exceptions to access.The document discusses the principles and procedures for determining whether information should be exempted from disclosure under the Access to Information Act. It highlights the importance of considering the potential harm from disclosure the availability of information from public sources and the need for clear and justified exemptions. The evidence in the case consists of multiple affidavits and exhibits with the General Counsel in the Office of the Information Commissioner providing a chronology of events and explaining the investigation process.