This is a case in which an applicant Sheldon Blank made a request for access to records under the Access to Information Act in 2001 related to a criminal prosecution and subsequent civil action against the Crown. The Access to Information and Privacy Office of Environment Canada initially withheld some information prompting a complaint to the Office of the Information Commissioner of Canada. Additional documents were eventually released subject to some redactions.t filed a request for access to records some of which were withheld by the government. The Office of the Information Commissioner (OIC) investigated and concluded that some records were improperly withheld and requested the Applicant's consent to apply to the court for a review. The Applicant filed the present application which raised issues of whether the claimed exemptions from disclosure were properly invoked and whether the government fully complied with the Applicant's request for information. The court heard the matter in 2006 and considered the Supreme Court's guidance on the issue of litigation privilege.The applicant raises a range of considerations which nullify reliance upon exemptions that might otherwise apply in relation to requested records. The respondent argues that the claimed exemptions under the Act were properly invoked and that no further severance of information can be accomplished. A determination to release or refuse information involves a factual determination followed by a discretionary decision. The standard of review applicable in this case is to be determined.The Court must determine whether a requested record falls within an exemption under the Access to Information Act and if the head of a government institution exercises discretion to refuse disclosure of an exempted record this decision is reviewed on the grounds of administrative law. The Act must be interpreted with the fundamental principle of public access to government information in mind and any doubt should be resolved in favour of disclosure with exemptions being limited and specific. The Applicant raises special considerations about severance and public interest.This article discusses the concept of severance in Canadian freedom of information law specifically in relation to the disclosure of general identifying information in documents subject to solicitor-client privilege. The Federal Court of Appeal has previously held that such information must be disclosed to enable the requester to know that a communication occurred between certain persons at a certain time on a certain subject but no more. However the court emphasized that severance is not reasonable where what remains of the document is meaningless or misleading because the remaining information is taken out of the context of the document as a whole. The court sent the matter back to the Federal Court for a review of the records to ascertain whether the mandatory requirements of section 25 of the Act have been complied with.