licant an indeterminate position which he declined. The Applicant filed a complaint with the Canadian Human Rights Commission alleging discrimination based on PTSD in his place of employment at VAC. The Commission dismissed the complaint after finding that the evidence did not support the Applicant's allegations of adverse treatment lack of accommodation and harassment-free work environment. The Applicant filed an application for judicial review of the Commission's decision.ate standard of review for the Commission's decision to dismiss the Applicant's Complaint? 2. Should the Court consider evidence that was not before the Commission? The main issue in this case is whether the Commission erred in dismissing the Applicant's Complaint which alleged adverse differential treatment failure to accommodate and harassment on the grounds of disability.The Federal Court of Canada is hearing a case brought by a Veterans Affairs Canada employee who claims he was denied promotion and subjected to discrimination because of his disability. The applicant's complaint to the Canadian Human Rights Commission was dismissed but he claims that the commission's decision was based on errors in fact and law. The case centers on the commission's decision not to refer the complaint to a tribunal for consideration.The article discusses a legal case where an individual has filed a complaint claiming discrimination based on disability. The complainant argues that the investigator and the commission made reviewable errors in their assessment of the evidence and drawing conclusions. Only three specific instances of error were found to have occurred related to adverse differential treatment and failure to provide a harassment-free workplace. The complainant is asking the court to consider whether the commission erred in finding that the evidence did not support their complaint.The Applicant claims that Veterans Affairs Canada (VAC) failed to accommodate his request to move his desk due to medical reasons but no longer relies on a lack of accommodation for his request to tape record meetings. The Respondent argues that the Court should only consider evidence from the Certified Tribunal Record but the Applicant claims that most of his exhibits were submitted to the Investigator and therefore should be considered or that their exclusion would raise a matter of procedural fairness. The Court reaffirms that only evidence before the decision-maker should be considered except in limited circumstances.The decision before the court was whether exhibit evidence placed before the Investigator but only referred to by the Applicant before the Commission should be included in the Certified Tribunal Record. The Respondent relied on general jurisprudence while the Applicant argued that flaws in the Investigator's Report must be considered as flaws in the Commission's own decision. The court believed that evidence submitted to the Investigator should be properly before the court when reviewing the Decision and the Investigation Report as the Commission can make a decision not to refer by relying upon the report.The applicant in a case before the Canadian Competition Tribunal has argued that all evidence including exhibits submitted to the investigator should be available to the court. The Tribunal disagreed saying that only the report of the investigator and representations of the parties were required to be considered. The case raises questions about which documents should be considered as part of a record when making decisions in competition cases.