An application for judicial review of a negative admissibility decision and deportation order in Canada by J. O'Keefe. The case revolves around events that occurred in Honduras in the 1980s with the applicant a former member of the army being accused of participating in acts of kidnapping and torture against civilians. The applicant denies involvement in Battalion 3-16 the unit responsible for such acts but the Minister alleges otherwise based on a section 44 report and an English transcript of a CBC television show.Battalion 3-16 was a military death squad in Honduras that tortured and killed civilians with some members trained in interrogation techniques by the CIA. General Alvarez promoted the use of torture despite the CIA's rejection of it. Victims were kidnapped interrogated using painful methods and often killed by the execution team. Reports suggest the unit was responsible for the disappearance of 100 to 150 individuals between 1981 and 1984. Testimony from former members reveals a lack of empathy and a pervasive culture of violence within the unit.The applicant was implicated in the commission of crimes against humanity based on evidence including articles and his own testimony. He argued that his paragraph 35(1)(a) inadmissibility should be declared res judicata but the Board dismissed his motion. The applicant sought acknowledgement from the Canadian government of its knowledge of his crimes and intended to present sensitive information at the admissibility hearing under Section 38 of the Canada Evidence Act.The applicant sought a declaration from the Federal Court that the government was under a statutory duty to disclose certain documents but the court denied the application as the Attorney General consented to the disclosure of the information. At a hearing in 2008 the applicant denied any involvement with Battalion 3-16 stating he worked in an anti-narcotics unit and was later detained and tortured by the military. He testified to specific assignments involving information gathering but not arrests.