This case involves a Canadian citizen's attempt to sponsor her sons for permanent residency whom she originally concealed when immigrating to Canada. The Immigration Appeal Division dismissed the appeal citing subsection 117(9)(d) of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Regulations that exclude family members not disclosed when the sponsor immigrated. The applicant argues this regulation is invalid and contrary to her rights under the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms.The case involves a Canadian citizen who was born in the Philippines and admitted to Canada as a permanent resident in 1993. She had been sponsored by her mother who was in Canada and had stated that she was single and had no children during her application. However it was later discovered that she had two sons who were not disclosed and not examined during the application process. The Immigration and Refugee Protection Act bars the Immigration Appeal Division from considering humanitarian and compassionate grounds unless the foreign national is a member of the family class and their sponsor is defined by the regulations. Furthermore the applicant's case is relevant to the equities of the case including the best interests of the children and the applicability of compassionate and humanitarian considerations.A woman who applied for permanent residency in Canada originally failed to disclose that she had a child but later revised her application to include her daughter's birthdate. Years later the woman now a Canadian citizen applied to sponsor her two sons as immigrants but was denied due to a regulation that prohibits sponsoring children born outside of or before the applicant's own adoption of Canadian citizenship. The woman is now challenging the regulation's constitutionality under Canada's Charter of Rights and Freedoms.The applicant is seeking to sponsor their non-accompanying family members as members of the family class but is prevented from doing so by subsection 117(9)(d) of the IRPA regulations. The applicant argues that this subsection is inconsistent with the objective of promoting family reunification in Canada and should be deemed invalid. They also argue that humanitarian and compassionate considerations under section 25 of IRPA should be taken into account to grant an exemption from subsection 117(9)(d).