This matter started in 1994 with a claim for a declaration that the plaintiffs are the rightful holders of Chief and Councillor offices of the LSIB and a counterclaim seeking nullification of the plaintiffs' election. The plaintiffs have brought a motion to dismiss the counterclaim claiming that the court lacks jurisdiction. The issues are whether the court has jurisdiction to hear the action and counterclaim and if so whether to grant relief to the plaintiffs or the defendants. This case started in the Supreme Court of British Columbia seeking to restrain the defendants from acting as signing authorities and holding themselves out as the LSIB Chief and Council.In 1994 a dispute between members of a First Nations band in British Columbia over a contested election led to legal action. The plaintiffs initially sought injunctive relief in the Supreme Court of British Columbia but were denied jurisdiction. They then filed a statement of claim in the Federal Court seeking damages declaratory and injunctive relief but were again denied interlocutory relief by a judge who found no evidence of irreparable harm.This article discusses a legal case in Canada involving the Lower Similkameen Indian Band (LSIB) and two of its members who were elected as Chief and Councillor in 1994. The article provides background information and summarizes the various legal actions taken by both the LSIB and the defendants. The main issue at hand is the jurisdiction of the Federal Court to hear the case as the plaintiffs have sought relief beyond what the court has the authority to grant. The parties have made written submissions on this issue following the trial.The Federal Court has dismissed a counterclaim filed by the Lower Similkameen Indian Band (LSIB) Council in a dispute over the results of a band election. The court argued that the counterclaim was not framed as a judicial review the deadline for an application for judicial review had elapsed and the plaintiffs were not named in their capacity as the LSIB Council. The court also found that the Indian Act does not provide a statutory grant of jurisdiction and section 17 of the Federal Court Act does not apply.The court determines that there is no evidence that the defendants LSIB Council were acting as an agent of the Crown and therefore s. 17(5)(b) does not provide jurisdiction for the main claim or counterclaim. Section 18 of the Federal Court Act does not provide jurisdiction over claims against individuals or convert an action into a judicial review application. Finally the defendants rely on ss. 25 and 44 of the Federal Court Act but the court needs to determine their applicability.