This case involves a dispute between two groups within the Salt River First Nation (SRFN) in Canada. The applicants seek an order that the respondents including Victor Marie and Norman Starr are in contempt of a number of court orders. The dispute arose following an election in which the applicants were removed from office and a series of court orders were obtained to protect the financial assets of the SRFN pending a judicial review.A Federal Court decision overturned the November election and reinstated the August council. The Applicants allege that certain Respondents were in contempt of Orders related to the financial administration of the Band. These Orders included freezing bank accounts and requiring consent of counsel for transactions except payroll. The Court of Appeal did not vary the Orders and an Order on June 20 2003 restored the Applicants to their full rights and privileges as Band Council members.The article discusses a case involving the Salt River First Nation (SRFN) and a disputed band council election. A Federal Court judge issued several orders in January and June 2003 including one requiring certain parties to return documents and another limiting the signing authority of the council. While a subsequent court of appeal decision overturned these orders the article notes that contempt proceedings may still be pursued against parties who violated the orders while they were in effect. The article also provides details on the procedure for contempt proceedings as codified in the Federal Court Rules.In Canada a person may be found in contempt of court if they disobey an order or act in a way that hinders the administration of justice or undermines the authority of the court. An order to appear before a judge may be made by motion of someone with an interest in the proceeding or ex parte and evidence may be presented orally. A finding of contempt must be based on proof beyond a reasonable doubt.A court case involving allegations of contempt against individuals related to a First Nations community in Canada is discussed. The case had been ongoing since 2003 and involved witnesses testifying but the accused not presenting any evidence. The court ultimately found the individuals in contempt of court orders and imposed fines.