The Musqueam Indian Band surrendered land in Vancouver in 1956 to the defendant Crown which was then leased to Shaughnessy Golf and Country Club. In 1977 the Band sued the Crown for damages and in 1979 they were awarded $10 million. The Crown appealed and lost and the Band's damages were paid in 1984. In 1988 the Band filed another lawsuit against the Crown and the Club seeking to void the surrender and lease. The Club attempted to have the claim struck down but later withdrew the motion.A First Nation community in British Columbia is seeking to overturn a 1958 agreement in which it gave up 162 acres of land to the government on the basis that the surrender was made with the express purpose of leasing the land to a golf club. The government's case is based on the doctrine of res judicata because the Band had previously accepted the agreement which was then held to be valid and was awarded $10m in damages for a breach of trust.The Haida Nation's attempt to obtain possession of the area leased to the Haida Gwaii Club was dismissed by the court because it concerns the same facts as a previous case and is therefore subject to the doctrine of issue estoppel. The Haida Nation argues the new case concerns public law and the validity of the original surrender and lease agreement while the Club claims the Nation has enjoyed benefits from it and should not be trying to undo it over 30 years later. The Band argues fair proceedings in court and raises various special or equitable circumstances.The application of the doctrine of striking out pleadings under Rule 419 requires careful consideration as it should only be used in exceptional cases. The rule provides for the striking out of a whole pleading or part of it to ensure the orderly administration of justice. The court may strike out a pleading if it is immaterial redundant scandalous frivolous vexatious or if it constitutes an abuse of the process of the court. The concept of issue estoppel and res judicata plays a role in determining if a pleading should be struck out.