The appeal concerns a claim filed by 27 traditional snow crab fishers in Prince Edward Island against the Minister of Fisheries and Oceans alleging damages following measures taken by the Minister which reduced their snow crab fishing quotas. The plaintiffs seek an array of damages including past and future revenue losses diminution in the value of their fishing enterprises general damages and punitive damages specific performance of agreements entered into with the Crown and restitution of the value of snow crab quota wrongfully taken from them by the defendant. The claim was struck out by Prothonotary Morneau who ruled that it is a prerequisite to the prosecution of this action that the administrative decisions which apparently lay at the heart of the plaintiffs' claim for damages be declared invalid or unlawful.Indigenous fishermen have sued the Canadian government for breaching agreements that allowed them to fish for snow crab and other species in waters near Newfoundland and Labrador. The plaintiffs claim that Ottawa has taken back licenses it had agreed to leave with traditional inshore fishermen moving toward a system in which First Nations people get an increasing share of licences. The suit accuses Canada of violating agreements by failing to honour quotas for snow crab including a plan to buy back licences and allegedly allowing an “astronomical” increase in fishing effort that weakened the stocks.The plaintiffs in this case sought damages and specific performance for breach of agreements claiming that the government's taking of their quota constituted unjust enrichment and breach of fiduciary duty. The defendant filed a motion to strike the claim on the grounds of lack of jurisdiction and abuse of process. The Prothonotary struck out the request for specific performance and ordered a stay on the remaining tort action pending judicial review. The central argument was whether the Minister violated the terms of the Agreements in the exercise of his absolute discretion under section 7 of the Fisheries Act.plaintiffs' action for breach of contract was allowed to proceed their tort action would need to be stayed until they have exhausted their remedies under subsection 18.1(2) of the Federal Courts Act. The Prothonotary found that the plaintiffs' request for relief in the form of specific performance and their action for breach of contract were struck out due to the application of the non-fettering doctrine. The court also found that the essence of the remaining tort action is a legal challenge to the Minister's Decisions.