AstraZeneca Canada Inc. has filed an application for judicial review of a Notice of Compliance (NOC) issued by the Minister of Health to Apotex in 2004 for omeprazole 20 mg capsules. AstraZeneca alleges that the NOC was issued unlawfully as the Minister did not require Apotex to serve a new allegation under section 5 of the Patented Medicines (Notice of Compliance) Regulations. The case is part of an 11-year history of litigation between AstraZeneca and Apotex over the right to produce and market omeprazole capsules in Canada.The case involves allegations of patent infringement between Apotex and AstraZeneca related to the formulation of omeprazole capsules. Several proceedings were filed under the NOC Regulations with some dismissed by consent order and others dismissed with costs. The Minister's decision ultimately allowed Apotex to proceed with its formulation without needing to address certain patents prompting AstraZeneca to pursue redress under the Patent Act.rly require a notice of allegation to be filed in relation to the revised formulation. The applicant argues that the NOC issued to Apotex should be quashed. The applicant also argues that the standard of review should be correctness. B) Respondent (i) Standard of Review  The respondent submits that the decision not to require a new notice of allegation from Apotex is discretionary and therefore subject to a reasonableness standard of review. (ii) Compliance with Regulations  The respondent argues that Apotex's 1993 notice of allegation in relation to the '693 and '891 patents was valid and that the subsequent prohibition proceedings were properly conducted. The respondent further argues that Apotex did not need to file a new notice of allegation since it had already addressed the patents in question. The respondent argues that there was no breach of the Regulations and that the NOC issued to Apotex was proper. (iii) Standard of Review  The respondent argues that the standard of review should be reasonableness. The respondent also argues that the decision not to require a new notice of allegation was reasonable given the circumstances of the case. DECISION The Court concludes that the Minister's decision not to require Apotex to file a new notice of allegation in relation to the '693 and '891 patents was reasonable and within her discretion. The Court further concludes that there was no breach of the Regulations and that the NOC issued to Apotex was proper. The Court therefore dismisses the applicant's application for judicial review. The Court also concludes that the standard of review is reasonableness.