In 2000 the Royal Canadian Mounted Police implemented a three-step process for promotion eligibility with the first step being a written examination called the Corporal Job Simulation Exercise (JSE). Constable Paul Vincent Shephard scored 39 out of 48 marks on the JSE but did not receive a preferred ranking for promotion. He requested detailed disclosure of his examination marks but his request was denied under Policy D.7. Shephard seeks judicial review of this decision arguing that he should have access to his examination results and information.A case involving a promotion dispute in the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) brought up questions about the Commissioner's authority to make promotions and the scope of Part III of the RCMP Act in relation to promotions and grievances. The actions of the Adjudicator were also called into question for denying the applicant access to necessary information and consulting with other adjudicators which could be seen as biased. The Act provides no guidance on how to exercise the Commissioner's broad authority to make promotions but allows for the creation of Commissioner's standing orders (CSO).Members who present a grievance have the right to access relevant written or documentary information under the control of the Force. Before 2000 this requirement was not explicitly included in Commissioner's Standing Orders (Grievances) which were replaced by the Promotions CSO. The latter however does not contain information access provisions.The adjudicator in a dispute can order further information. The Commissioner issues policy direction related to promotions and RCMP administration including Policy D which restricts a complainant's access to certain information related to promotional exams. The standard of review for decisions of the Commissioner involves statutory interpretation with a more deferential view due to the Commissioner's broad mandate to administer the Act although the expertise of the Court may be necessary for jurisdictional questions.