This case involves an application for review of the Minister of Transport's decision to release information requested under the Access to Information Act relating to Air Atonabee Limited now operating as City Express. The applicant raises issues about the process for dealing with requests for information concerning third parties and the protections provided for their interests. The Act provides a right of access to government information subject to exceptions including those related to third parties. Personal information about third parties can only be disclosed with their consent or in accordance with the Privacy Act.City Express and the Department of Transport have had a cooperative relationship regarding maintenance and inspection matters. However the Department received a request for access to information and asked City Express to assess whether release of the information could potentially harm the company. Although City Express argued against release the Department ultimately decided that the public interest outweighed the potential harm to City Express and released the records. City Express was given the option to apply for a court review of the decision.In 1986 City Express filed for review of a decision to disclose information proposed to be released under the Access to Information Act. The department later decided to release additional documents prompting further review and ultimately resulting in the release of 78 pages of records. Various affidavits and documents were filed and sealed throughout the process and the matter was argued in open court and in camera.Procedural arrangements have been made in relation to the Access to Information Act and third party information to meet court obligations to avoid disclosure until resolution of an application. The Act allows for exemptions from disclosure of certain types of information including trade secrets confidential financial or technical information and information that could result in financial loss or interference with contractual negotiations. The Act also provides for intervention and representation by third parties in certain cases.Section 28 of the Access to Information Act in Canada outlines the process for notifying third parties who may be affected by a request for disclosure of government records. Third parties are entitled to make representations as to why the record should not be disclosed and the head of the government institution must consider these representations before making a decision. The Act does not generally require notice to a third party before disclosure except in certain circumstances.