This is a patent infringement case involving Canadian Patent Nos. 940751 and 1161866 as well as copyrights in technical drawings related to Canadian Patent No. 940751. The plaintiff a corporation from the US owns these patents and copyrights and the defendants are corporations and an individual from Canada. The defendants deny infringement and challenge the validity of the patents. Further questions related to infringement damages and profits will be addressed in a separate reference.The Canadian Federal Court of Appeal has ruled that Amazon.com did not infringe on the patents of Canada's The Canadian Interactive Entertainment but did infringe drop-down menu technology in one of the cases brought by a company called Soverain. The disputed patents concerned drop-down menus when shopping online and Amazon will now face a trial on the appropriate relief to be granted.The invention described is an impact attenuation device for a fixed structure which absorbs and dissipates energy upon impact. The device comprises collapsible energy-absorbing elements arranged in an ordered array diaphragm and fender systems and non-rigid means interconnecting the backing member and the diaphragm system. The device also includes laterally disposed fender panels and restraining and pull-out cable means to resist deformation upon impact. The patent claims include details of the construction and operation of the device.patent for the impact absorbing safety buffer device the device consists of fender means energy absorbing and dissipating means and means for partially restraining movement of said diaphragm means with flexible cables. The device is designed to effectively deflect a vehicle impacting laterally at a low angle and has a fender surface with a low coefficient of friction. Another invention the Shear Action and Compression Energy Absorber uses foam-filled cells arranged in a stack to absorb impact force through compression and cutting of the walls of the sheets.The US Patent No. 3587787 by John W. Rich describes an energy absorber for high-impact vehicles like cars and trucks. The apparatus includes stacked sheets with intersecting walls and a deformable filler material such as polyurethane foam to dissipate the energy of an impact force. The edges of the walls cut and crush into one another and the filler material ensuring uniform and efficient dissipation of the impact energy. The invention aims to provide a compact energy-efficient and powerful energy absorber for vehicles.The patent in question relates to an energy-absorbing apparatus designed to dissipate impact force using stacked sheets with various structures and a filler material such as foamed plastic. The patent includes several figures that depict the apparatus and its components. The court's first task is to interpret the specification and claims in order to determine the extent of the patentee's monopoly. The claims must be clear and based on the material disclosed in the patent.