The Schoodic Band of the Passamaquoddy Nation applied for $5000 from trust monies held by the government of Canada to pay for research to use in negotiations. However the government refused because the Schoodic Band was not a recognized Band pursuant to the Indian Act. The Schoodic Band argued that they are a Band as defined in section 2 of the Indian Act and sought a declaration that the Minister is holding certain funds for their benefit. The Court dismissed the application for judicial review because the record was too sparse to make the necessary findings.The Schoodic Band of the Passamaquoddy Nation an Aboriginal Nation whose territory is the watershed of Passamaquoddy Bay and the St. Croix River is seeking status as a Band under the Indian Act. The Passamaquoddy did not historically live continuously in one place but constantly traversed their territory hunting and fishing in various locations according to the season. The Crown has long had a treaty relationship with the Passamaquoddy Nation which includes treaties signed between the Crown and the Passamaquoddy in 1760-61 and again in 1779 to ensure that settlers in North America would not interfere with their traditional way of life.The St. Croix Indian Reserve No. 22 was established in 1881 but it is unclear if it was set aside for any specific band or group of Indigenous people. The Passamaquoddy Nation argues that their oral tradition maintains the lands were provided for their benefit and fall within their traditional territory while records suggest they may have been set aside for the Maliseet. The reserve was administered largely from Fredericton and the lands were transferred to the Province of New Brunswick in 1944 without a surrender or compensation. There is no indication that any attempt was made by the Department to compile a list of the Passamaquoddy people. The funds derived from the sale of timber on the reserve were placed into a trust account as the funds did not pertain to any specific First Nation.The Schoodic Band of the Passamaquoddy Nation in Canada has sought recognition as a 'Band' within the meaning of the Indian Act since the 1980s with the Mi'kmaq and Maliseet Nations accepting them as the Passamaquoddy community in Canada. In 2005 the then-Minister of Indian Affairs and Northern Development pledged support and assistance in securing recognition. Since 2007 the Treaties and Aboriginal Government branch has dealt with the Council of the Schoodic Band in a process leading to negotiation of a comprehensive Passamaquoddy claim in relation to traditional Passamaquoddy lands in New Brunswick.