This is an unedited case regarding an application for a judicial review of a negative decision made by the Refugee Protection Division of the Immigration and Refugee Board. The applicant Riad Ben Solta Bouaouni claimed to fear persecution due to his political opinion as a member of Union générale des étudiants tunisiens. However the Board did not find his testimony credible and denied his refugee status. Bouaouni appealed this decision.The applicant failed to provide all pertinent details in his Personal Information Form (PIF) including those related to being harassed and beaten by Islamic students. As a result the Board did not find him credible especially since his account of events was inconsistent and contradictory and he did not show any link between the wounds or scars he claimed to have received and a Convention ground. Additionally the Board held that the applicant did not have a subjective fear of persecution and thus was not a Convention refugee or a person in need of protection. The applicant raised several issues including whether he received a fair and impartial hearing whether the Board gave due regard to his medical reports and whether it erred in its application of s. 97 of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act.The applicant in a refugee hearing claimed that he was persecuted in his home country for political reasons but the Board found his testimony contradictory and not credible resulting in a denial of his refugee claim. The applicant argued that the inconsistencies were merely omissions and that the Board was biased. However the Court found no evidence of bias and disagreed that the medical reports were not given due regard.The Court found that the Refugee Board did not err in disregarding a medical report that supported the applicant's refugee claim because it did not believe the applicant's story. The Board gave clear reasons for finding the applicant not credible and its findings were not unreasonable. The Court also rejected the applicant's argument that he was a refugee sur place and found that the Board did not have to consider this argument as it was not raised during the hearing.The applicant claimed refugee status in Canada and fears persecution from Tunisian authorities. The Canadian Minister of Citizenship and Immigration publicly announced that the applicant was being investigated by the Tunisian police resulting in Tunisian authorities becoming aware of his claim which the applicant argues makes him a refugee sur place. However the court found that there was not enough evidence to support this claim and that the Board did not err in its application of the law.