This is a judicial review application to review and set aside a decision by the Immigration and Refugee Board to remove the applicant a citizen of Bangladesh from Canada for misrepresenting his marital status on his immigration documents. The applicant claims that he relied on a man in his village who could read and write English to prepare his application and therefore did not fully understand the instructions on the form.The applicant failed to inform Canadian immigration officials of his marriage which took place five weeks prior to leaving Bangladesh for Canada. Despite a requirement to report changes in marital status the applicant claimed he was unaware of the obligation. Upon landing the applicant signed a Record of Landing document listing his marital status as single and his family was granted permanent residence in Canada. It was later discovered the applicant entered Canada by fraudulent means leading to the revocation of his permanent residence status.t was that he did not intentionally misrepresent his marital status and that he did not have a fair hearing before the Adjudicator. He argued that his lack of education and understanding of the immigration rules and procedures should be taken into account. He also submitted that the decision violated his Charter rights to liberty and security of the person and to a fair hearing. However the court dismissed his application for judicial review finding that the Adjudicator's decision was reasonable and that his Charter rights were not violated.The case involves allegations of error by the Appeal Division based on three grounds: incorrect interpretation of the Act contravention of the Charter and erroneous findings of fact. The first argument centres on the interpretation of s. 27(1)(e) and whether the applicant's ignorance of reporting his marital status can be considered a misrepresentation. The court ultimately upholds the decision of the Adjudicator finding that the language of s. 27(1)(e) contemplates three instances warranting a written report to the Deputy Minister.