This is a case of judicial review of the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal's decision that Fiona Johnstone was discriminated against by her employer Canadian Border Services Agency (CBSA) for requesting a fixed day shift to accommodate her parental childcare obligations. The Tribunal found that CBSA's policies were discriminatory and ordered compensation for Ms. Johnstone. The Applicant (CBSA) challenges whether the term family status includes parental childcare obligations and contests some of the Tribunal's remedial orders. The court concludes that parental childcare obligations fall within the scope of family status and the Tribunal applied the proper legal test but it erred in justifying the compensation award for the period Ms. Johnstone took unpaid leave to accompany her spouse on relocation to Ottawa.The Canadian Border Services Agency (CBSA) has a number of operational districts in the Greater Toronto Area (GTA) including Passenger Operations Commercial Operations and Greater Toronto Enforcement Centre (GTEC). Border services officers work in these districts and are responsible for processing cargo from commercial aircraft examining and processing passengers and sorting and examining mail and parcels coming into Canada. The officers work rotating and variable shifts under an agreement established with the local union in 1987.Ms. Johnstone a border services officer at Pearson requested full-time work over three days to accommodate her childcare needs after having her children. However her request was denied by her employer and she was offered part-time work instead. She filed a human rights complaint claiming discriminatory practice based on family status.Ms. Johnstone filed a human rights complaint against CBSA for discrimination on the basis of family status in their shift scheduling policy. The Canadian Human Rights Commission dismissed the complaint but it was allowed by the Federal Court and the Tribunal which ruled in favor of Ms. Johnstone in 2010. The case was reviewed by the Attorney General and is now under judicial review.The Canadian Border Services Agency was found to have discriminated against an employee Fiona Johnstone based on her family status when she had children. The Canadian Human Rights Tribunal found that the CBSA didn't accommodate her needs as a working mother which constitutes discrimination. This decision followed the 1993 decision in Brown in which an employee asked for day shift work after the birth of a child setting out the requirement for employers to accommodate employees based on family status. The CBSA was ordered to take steps to prevent similar occurrences from happening.