Eli Lilly has applied for an order prohibiting the Canadian Minister of National Health and Welfare from issuing a Notice of Compliance to Novopharm for 20mg capsules of fluoxetine hydrochloride until after 19 March 1996. The dispute stems from Novopharm's supplier's alleged use of a different process to that used by Lilly in producing the drug. The legal challenge centers on a determination of whether or not Novopharm's allegation is justified.The case involves patent protection for the antidepressant drug fluoxetine hydrochloride marketed by Eli Lilly under the name Prozac. The patent in question covers both process and product-by-process claims including a specific method for synthesizing the drug. Novopharm now Teva Canada sought approval from Health Canada to market a generic version of the drug and challenged the validity of the patent. A key issue in the case was whether Novopharm's manufacturing process infringed on the patent. Expert witnesses provided evidence for both sides and the Federal Court ultimately ruled in favor of Eli Lilly upholding the validity of the patent and finding that Novopharm's process would infringe.This text discusses the patent dispute between Eli Lilly and other pharmaceutical companies over the manufacturing processes of fluoxetine hydrochloride the active ingredient in the antidepressant drug Prozac. The Lilly Patent claims a process of making the compound with three specific steps while the Fermion Process uses a five-step synthetic pathway with different intermediate steps. The court discusses the differences between the two processes and ultimately finds in favor of the respondents ruling that the Lilly Patent was not infringed by the Fermion Process.The court case concerns the validity of a Canadian patent owned by Eli Lilly and Company for the drug fluoxetine marketed as Prozac and the alleged infringement by Novopharm. The patented process involves the synthesis of the drug using a specific method while Novopharm claims to use a different method that does not infringe on the patent. The court examines the legislative framework for patent protection in the pharmaceutical industry and hears expert testimony on the differences between the two synthesis methods.