Schwarz Hospitality Group Limited (the leaseholder) seeks a declaration that a one-year moratorium on development in Banff National Park is invalid and seeks an order directing the Superintendent of Banff National Park to review and approve their redevelopment proposal. In a second application the leaseholder seeks various declarations and orders related to their environmental assessment and permit approval. The applications were heard together and the decision was reserved.The proposed redevelopment of the Storm Mountain Lodge leasehold in Banff National Park aims to upgrade the visitor experience by emphasising heritage tourism and providing modernised amenities opening the lodge to year-round use and eliminating any negative environmental impact. The existing facilities consist of a main lodge twelve rental cabins and several service buildings which have not been renovated significantly since the 1920s except for electrical power and plumbing upgrades. The redevelopment proposal submitted in 1996 was eventually withdrawn and a new management plan in 1997 aimed to change the ways Banff National Park was managed.Banff National Park in Canada has a redevelopment process for outlying commercial accommodation facilities (OCAs) which includes guidelines and a development review process. The redevelopment proposals for OCAs must meet the requirements of the National Parks Act regulations and planning and must respect environmental and heritage concerns. Storm Mountain Lodge is one of the OCAs that underwent a redevelopment proposal and consultation process in 1996-1997.A leaseholder submitted a redevelopment proposal to Parks Canada for an outlying commercial accommodation (OCA) in a national park. The proposal went through several rounds of review including public review by an Advisory Development Board which recommended acceptance of the proposal subject to conditions and amendments. The leaseholder made revisions to the proposal to fulfill these conditions and believed that final approval was imminent. However a moratorium on OCA development was announced before the final meeting which put the proposal on hold.