An appeal was dismissed in the case of Sylvain Marchand who was found to have committed wrongdoings by the Public Sector Integrity Commissioner (Commissioner) in Canada. The appeal challenged an order requiring the Commissioner to transmit documents during Marchand's judicial review of the decision. The court found that the Commissioner's investigation was conducted fairly and that Marchand was aware of the accusations against him before the final report was released. Marchand alleged that he was the victim of a political war but the court did not find this to be the case.The case involves a request for the transmission of confidential documents related to an investigation by the Integrity Commissioner. The Prothonotary awarded the motion ordering the transmission of the documents and maintaining confidentiality. The respondents opposed the transmission of documents calling it a “fishing expedition” and seek to have the order set aside since it orders communication of information that could validate the argument of the investigator’s bias.The case concerns an applicant's request for additional disclosure of documents relating to an investigation under the PSDPA due to concerns of bias. The Attorney General argues that the applicant must show an arguable case of bias based on information presented to the court while the Commissioner argues that decisions on disclosure should be made at the application level not in a pre-hearing conference. The standard of review is whether the Prothonotary's exercise of discretion was based on a wrong principle or misapprehension of the facts.The Commissioner ruled on the issue of possible restrictions of disclosure due to confidentiality provisions in the Public Servants Disclosure Protection Act. The Commissioner found that the balance between disclosure requirements and limits imposed under the Act must be weighed and considered at the same time. The Commissioner ordered the complete disclosure of the Commissioner's record and found that the disclosure of the investigator's file is necessary. The order will be suspended awaiting a possible appeal.