This case involves an application for judicial review of the decision of the Refugee Protection Division which refused the Applicants' claims to be deemed Convention refugees or persons in need of protection. The Applicants citizens of Mexico allege that they were threatened by a drug trafficking organization after the Male Applicant refused to continue operating his business as a transfer point for drugs. They fled to Canada and made their claims but the RPD found that they had failed to establish a nexus to a Convention ground and to prove a risk to their personal safety.A refugee claim made by two applicants from Mexico has been rejected by the Refugee Protection Division (RPD). The applicants argued that they would face persecution and torture if they returned to Mexico. They were found to have failed to provide convincing evidence that they would not be protected by the state and their fears were not linked to Convention grounds.The Refugee Protection Division (RPD) rejected the claim of a Mexican family seeking refugee status in Canada citing lack of evidence that police were involved in their persecution. The Male Applicant claimed he was extorted by a local drug trafficker who burned his truck but the RPD found that the trafficker was not as well-connected as the Applicant believed him to be. The RPD also found that the Canadian-born children of the family were not refugee claimants and their situation was not within their authority to make a humanitarian and compassionate determination. The family raised issues in their appeal to the RPD but their claim was ultimately rejected.The Canadian Immigration and Refugee Protection Act provides protection to refugees who fear persecution based on their race religion nationality membership in a social group or political opinion. A person is deemed a refugee if they cannot or do not want to avail themselves of the protection of their country of nationality or former habitual residence and their removal would subject them to a risk of torture or risk to their life or cruel and unusual punishment. A person in Canada who is a member of a prescribed class of persons in need of protection is also considered a person in need of protection. The standard of review analysis may not need to be conducted in every case where the standard is well-settled by past jurisprudence.The case concerns the rejection of the Applicants' refugee claim by the Refugee Protection Division (RPD). The first issue challenges the plausibility findings of the RPD's state protection analysis and the second issue concerns the RPD's alleged failure to determine the Applicants' subjective fear. The third fourth and fifth issues involve the misapplication of the law fettered discretion and inadequate reasons. The Applicants argue that the RPD made errors in its analysis and that its findings were not supported by the evidence.