Former Royal Canadian Mounted Police member Alice Abernathy has launched a damages case against the Crown alleging that sexual harassment from her male colleagues and supervisors caused her to leave the force in 1987. Abernathy claims she was wrongfully dismissed faced discrimination and suffered severe stress and depression as a result of the harassment. The hearing in Edmonton in 1993 ended without time for oral arguments ending with written submissions on 15 March 1994.A female member of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) filed a complaint in 1985 alleging sexual harassment including incidents of pornographic material degrading comments and isolation at her detachment in Red Deer City. Her superiors did not deny the allegations and despite complaining of a worsening health and work environment she was re-engaged for “continuous service”. Her allegations were only partially addressed by an Inspector who noted the incident on his list of “expectations for improvement.”A female Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) officer filed a harassment complaint against two male officers in 1986. She claimed the officers had made sexist comments to her gave her negative performance evaluations and threatened her job. The officer's husband testified that her condition had deteriorated and she had been crying and withdrawing. The officer's complaint led to a landmark legal battle for harassment and discrimination against the RCMP resulting in the formation of the Merlo-Davidson settlement which was established to compensate and rectify problems faced by female RCMP officers.A female Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) officer resigned due to mental health reasons citing harassment and discrimination by her male colleagues. She had filed multiple complaints to her superiors who failed to act on her complaints adequately. Her condition worsened and after being posted to different locations and a criminal investigation which she believed to have been initiated to force her to leave she resigned in 1987. She was later acquitted of the charges brought against her.