This is an appeal relating to a trademark application filed by Anheuser-Busch for the trademark Budweiser in Script Label Design for use in association with beer clothing and drinking vessels. Molson filed an opposition which was rejected by the registrar. The appeal allows Molson's request for a declaration that the registrar erred in rejecting their opposition but upholds the registration for non-beer wares. Three similar marks are relevant including Molson's Standard Lager mark and Anheuser-Busch's Budweiser Labels.Anheuser-Busch and Carling O'Keefe Breweries of Canada Ltd. have a long history of litigation regarding their trademark registrations for Standard Lager and Budweiser beer. In 1980 Carling O'Keefe Breweries of Canada Ltd. filed a lawsuit against Anheuser-Busch for infringement of the Standard Lager mark and passing-off. The trial judge found that the design features of the Standard Lager mark were not an original conception and were either inspired by or copied from Anheuser-Busch's Budweiser label. The Court of Appeal eventually permitted both registrations to remain valid but neither party could expunge the registration of the other party. In 1993 Anheuser-Busch successfully opposed Molson's application to register an updated version of its Standard Lager mark due to confusion with Budweiser marks.Molson lost their opposition against Anheuser-Busch's registration of the Budweiser labels for merchandise use due to their previous litigation history. Anheuser-Busch also previously brought an action against Molson for passing off and infringement of the Budweiser labels in 2002 settled by both parties. The T.M.O.B. rejected Molson's opposition to the '807 application based on confusing with a registered trade-mark and proposed use and being non-distinctive. The presiding T.M.O.B. Member divided the reasons based on the wares involved and the Member relied heavily on the Court of Appeal's decision in her conclusion.The Canadian Intellectual Property Office has ruled that Steam Whistle Brewing can continue to use its trademark despite opposition by Molson Coors. The decision followed a long-standing dispute over the green Steam Whistle label which was seen as too similar to Molson's flagship brand Canadian. Molson argued that the Steam Whistle brand infringed on its own but the trade-mark opposition board allowed it to remain after ruling that there was no likelihood of confusion between the two.