The owner of the Bocsa vessel is seeking to strike out or remove sections of the Statement of Claim and have the warrant for the vessel's arrest set aside. The dispute revolves around the identity of the entity letting the ship with two unsigned documents referred to by the parties. The fixture recap identifies the head owners as Cosena S.R.L. and the disponent owners as International Broking Agency of Kingstown while the Welsh Coal Charter refers to the same disponent owner but appears to have been prepared by Margem Shipping ApS.A dispute over a charterparty agreement for the shipment of coal from Vancouver to Eregli led to the arrest of the vessel the MV Bocsa after it was detained by the Canadian Coast Guard due to deficiencies. The plaintiff Margem Chartering Co. Inc. claimed breach of the agreement and applied for a warrant to arrest the vessel which was eventually released after the defendant owner posted a bank guarantee. The dispute centered around the interpretation of the Welsh Coal Charter which the plaintiff argued was an agreement between them and the disponent owner International Broking Agency.The case involves a dispute between the plaintiff who chartered the vessel Bocsa and the defendant who was responsible for carrying a cargo from Vancouver to Eregli Turkey. The vessel was detained by the Canadian Coast Guard due to deficiencies and the defendant was unable to load the cargo. The defendant seeks to have the statement of claim struck out and the arrest warrant set aside. An application to strike out a pleading as without a reasonable cause of action may not be supported by an affidavit.Defendant requests a fixture recap document be considered as a pleading on a motion to strike out for lack of cause of action. However the court determines that the document is merely evidence and not a pleading as defined by Federal Court Rule 2. The defendant claims abuse of process but it is up to the court to determine if the process has been misused. The matter is not closed and the court can intervene to prevent misuse of its process.